Here we report a comprehensive suite for the well - known Poisson - Boltzmann solver , DelPhi , enriched with additional features to facilitate DelPhi usage .
The resource is available free of charge for academic users from URL : http://compbio.clemson.edu/DelPhi.php .
In this work , we described the DelPhi package and associated resources .
" Project name : DelPhi Project home page : e.g. http://compbio.clemson.edu/delphi.php Operating system ( s ) : Linux , Mac , Windows Programming language : Fortran and C Other requirements : no License : free of charge license is required Any restrictions to use by non - academics : Commercial users should contact Accelrys Inc . "
We have developed ANDES , a software library and a suite of applications , written in Perl and R , for the statistical ANalyses of DEep Sequencing .
The applications we have implemented in ANDES allow an investigator to identify and compare the variations within a sample or among multiple samples .
To identify the nature of sequencing artifacts and how they may impact the analyses of a 16S metagenomic sample , ANDES was applied to compute empirically - determined quality values on a set of 454 Titanium sequencing runs .
" Project name : ANDES Project home page : http://andestools.sourceforge.net/ Download web site : https://sourceforge.net/projects/andestools Operating system : Tested and in production on Linux . Programming language : Perl and R License : GNU GPL V 3 Any restrictions to use by non - academics : none "
In this paper , we present a lossless compression tool , MAFCO , specifically designed to compress MAF ( Multiple Alignment Format ) files .
Both source - code and binaries for several operating systems are freely available for non - commercial use at : http://bioinformatics.ua.pt/software/mafco . http://hgdownload-test.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg18/multiz28wayhttp://hgdownload-test.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/multiz46wayhttp://hgdownload-test.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/multiz100wayhttp://bioinformatics.ua.pt/software/mafcohttps://github.com/lumiratos/mafcohttps://github.com/lumiratos/bioruby-mafData Availability
The MAFCO compression tool can be found at : http://bioinformatics.ua.pt/software/mafco ; https://github.com/lumiratos/mafco .
Here , we introduce PyPhi , a Python software package that implements this framework for causal analysis and unfolds the full cause - effect structure of discrete dynamical systems of binary elements .
PyPhi is open - source and licensed under the GPLv 3 ; the source code is hosted on GitHub at https://github.com/wmayner/pyphi .
Here we describe PyPhi , a Python software package that implements IIT ’ s framework for causal analysis and unfolds the full CES of discrete Markovian dynamical systems of binary elements .
Here we describe coXpress , an R package that allows researchers to identify groups of genes that are differentially co - expressed .
We have developed coXpress as a means of identifying groups of genes that are differentially co - expressed .
Here we describe coXpress , a simple and easy to use package that allows users to explore differential co - expression in an intuitive way .
CoXpress uses hierarchical cluster analysis to explore the relationship between genes , cutting the tree to form groups of genes that are co - expressed .
CoXpress is released as a package for R .
CoXpress is written in the native R language and has been fully tested on both windows and linux .
" • Project Name : coXpress • Project Home Page : http://coxpress.sf.net • Operating Systems : Windows , Linux • Programming Language : R • Other Requirements : R , gplots , gtools , gdata ( for heatmaps ) , hu 6800 , hgu 95av 2 , plotrix ( for examples ) • License : GNU GPL "
In order to solve this problem , here we developed a Portable System for the Analysis of Metabolic Models ( PSAMM ) , a new open - source software package that supports the integration of heterogeneous metadata in model annotations and provides a user - friendly interface for the analysis of metabolic models .
PSAMM is independent of paid software environments like MATLAB , and all its dependencies are freely available for academic users .
Here , we present a Portable System for the Analysis of Metabolic Models ( PSAMM ) , an open source software package that was implemented to support the iterative curation of GEMs by connecting model annotations with mathematical simulations .
PSAMM was developed as an integrated software package that supports calling simulation functions using simple one - line commands .
Besides the availability of diverse functions and implementations of model import / export , model checking , and constraint - based analysis , a unique feature of PSAMM is the availability of easily accessible help information that assists the users in selecting program functions and parameter values .
Here we introduce CloVR - ITS , an automated pipeline for comparative analysis of internal transcribed spacer ( ITS ) pyrosequences amplified from metagenomic DNA isolates and representing fungal species .
CloVR - ITS is made available as a pre - installed , automated , and portable software pipeline for cloud - friendly execution as part of the CloVR virtual machine package ( http://clovr.org ) .
Here we present CloVR - ITS , a standard operating procedure ( SOP ) for ITS amplicon sequence analysis for fungal diversity studies .
CloVR - ITS has been designed to effectively process sequence data representing any contiguous segment of the ITS region ( i.e. ITS 1 or ITS 2 ) and can perform comparative analysis of hundreds of samples .
We present Redirector , a new Flux Balance Analysis - based framework for identifying engineering targets to optimize metabolite production in complex pathways .
We compare the final set of flux values resulting from this Redirector optimization to fluxes resulting from the optimization for biomass .
The Redirector framework provides a new capability in modeling metabolic alterations , using the FBA objective .
To demonstrate its capacity to optimize challenging pathways , we have applied Redirector to the production of myristoyl - CoA , examining the highest growth parameter design as well as the dependency analysis of multiple designs .
The Redirector Package including operational software code and metabolic network model files used for this publication are available at https://github.com//bionomicron/Redirector.git .
Here , we present an easily accessible software toolkit , called ENCORE , which can be used to compare conformational ensembles generated either from simulations alone or synergistically with experiments .
ENCORE is freely available and extendable , integrates with the established MDAnalysis software package , reads ensemble data in many common formats , and can work with large trajectory files .
The library , called ENCORE ( http://encore-similarity.github.io/encore ) , interfaces with the MDAnalysis molecular analysis toolkit [14] and can be used both as a Python library and from the command line .
ENCORE is freely available ( http://encore-similarity.github.io/encore ) , together with its documentation and several examples on how to use it , and is distributed under the GNU general public license , version 3 .
Here we present PhyloBot , a web - based software tool that makes ancestral sequence reconstruction easy .
PhyloBot runs in a web browser , and is available at the following URL : http://www.phylobot.com .
PhyloBot is a web portal that automates the reconstruction of ancestral amino acid sequences .
Users are welcome to use an instance of PhyloBot available at http://www.phylobot.com , or launch their own instance of PhyloBot using its open - source code .
PhyloBot is available to use at http://www.phylobot.com , and its source code is available at https://github.com/vhsvhs/phylobot-django .
We have recently developed Mindboggle as a fully automated , feature - matching approach to assign anatomical labels to cortical structures and activity in human brain MRI data .
Each brain image voxel of each of 20 human subjects is assigned a label by each of the remaining 19 atlases using Mindboggle .
In this paper , we have chosen to extend the use of an individual atlas to multiple atlases in a recently introduced , fully automated , feature - based nonlinear labeling method called Mindboggle ( freely downloadable , open source Matlab code ) [63,85] .
Mindboggle is a freely downloadable , open source software package written in Matlab ( version 6 , release 13 , with the Image Processing Toolbox , The Mathworks Inc . , USA ) and has been tested on different models of desktop and laptop computers running different distributions of Linux , as well as MacOSX and Windows .
A HMMER web server ( http://hmmer.janelia.org ) has been designed and implemented such that most protein database searches return within a few seconds .
We have developed the HMMER web site ( http://hmmer.janelia.org ) to not only provide downloadable HMMER binaries , documentation and source code as it has done in the past , but now also to provide an interface for performing protein sequence searches with near interactive response times .
To address this need , we have developed Bamgineer , a tool written in Python to introduce user - defined haplotype - phased allele - specific copy number events into an existing Binary Alignment Mapping ( BAM ) file , with a focus on targeted and exome sequencing experiments .
As proof - of - principle , we applied Bamgineer to a single high - coverage ( mean : 220X ) exome sequence file from a blood sample to simulate copy number profiles of 3 exemplar tumors from each of 10 tumor types at 5 tumor cellularity levels ( 20 - 100 % , 150 BAM files in total ) .
Here we introduce Bamgineer , a tool to modify existing BAM files to precisely model allele - specific and haplotype - phased CNVs ( Fig 1 ) .
We implemented parallelization of the Bamgineer algorithm for both standalone and high performance computing cluster environments , significantly improving the scalability of the algorithm .
To this end , we developed scPipe , an R / Bioconductor package that integrates barcode demultiplexing , read alignment , UMI - aware gene - level quantification and quality control of raw sequencing data generated by multiple protocols that include CEL - seq , MARS - seq , Chromium 10X , Drop - seq and Smart - seq .
The scPipe R package is available for download from https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/scPipe .
In the remainder of this article we provide an overview of the main features of our scPipe software and demonstrate its use on various in - house generated and publicly available scRNA - seq datasets .
scPipe is an R [13] / Bioconductor [14] package that can handle data generated from all popular 3 ’ end scRNA - seq protocols and their variants , such as CEL - seq , MARS - seq , Chromium 10X and Drop - seq .
The scPipe package is written in R and C + + and uses the Rcpp package [ 16 , 17 ] to wrap the C + + code into R functions and the Rhtslib package [18] for BAM input / output .
The scPipe package is available from https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/scPipe .
We introduce MatrixConverter , a program that helps expedite and facilitate the transformation of raw phenomic character data into discrete character matrices that can be used in most evolutionary inference programs .
• Methods and Results : MatrixConverter is an open source program written in Java ; a platform - independent binary executable , as well as sample data sets and a user ’ s manual , are available at https://github.com/gburleigh/MatrixConverter/tree/master/distribution .
MatrixConverter is an open source program written in Java .
The source code is available at https://github.com/gburleigh/MatrixConverter/ .
To address this challenge we have developed a new version of DREM termed interactive DREM ( iDREM ) .
To address these issues we developed the interactive DREM ( iDREM ) tool that provides support for more data types and greatly improves the visualization allowing users to interactively query the reconstructed network .
iDREM is implemented using a combination of Java and Javascript .
The iDREM code and software , with an example input dataset and detailed instructions are available from GitHub ( https://github.com/phoenixding/idrem ) .
Herein we present PoreWalker , a fully automated method , which detects and fully characterises channels in transmembrane proteins from their 3D structures .
The software is available as a web - based resource at http://www.ebi.ac.uk/thornton-srv/software/PoreWalker/ .
Herein we present PoreWalker , a method to provide a detailed description of the three dimensional geometry of a channel ( or pore ) through a transmembrane protein , given the coordinates of the protein structure .
PoreWalker is fully automated , requiring only the 3D protein coordinates from the PDB file , and so can be applied to any new structure or across all transmembrane proteins in the PDB .
The software is implemented as a web - based resource at http://www.ebi.ac.uk/thornton-srv/software/PoreWalker/ and its source codes will soon be available upon request to the authors .
All programs included in the PoreWalker pipeline are developed in - house in C and PERL programming languages .
We developed PoreWalker , a novel web - available method for the detection and characterisation of channels in transmembrane proteins from their three - dimensional structure .
PoreWalker is fully automated and very user - friendly , requiring as input only the 3D coordinates of a transmembrane protein structure .
To fill this gap , this paper describes VASP - E ( Volumetric Analysis of Surface Properties with Electrostatics ) , a novel volumetric comparison tool based on the electrostatic comparison of protein - ligand and protein - protein binding sites .
These results suggest that VASP - E should prove a useful tool for the characterization of specific binding and the engineering of binding preferences in proteins .
Our approach identifies regions like these by representing electrostatic isopotentials with volumetric solids generated by the new program VASP - E ( Volumetric Analysis of Surface Properties with Electrostatics ) .
Because VASP - E is designed to identify electrostatic influences on specificity , we validate it using families of proteins for which the mechanisms that achieve specificity are well understood and fundamentally electrostatic .
VASP - E was developed in ansi C / C + + using gcc ( the Gnu Compiler Collection ) version 4.4.7 , on 64 bit linux - based computing platforms .
We have developed LAMINA ( Leaf shApe deterMINAtion ) , a new tool for the automated analysis of images of leaves .
The LAMINA software has been implemented in Java as a stand - alone graphical application .
A random set of 50 leaves were scanned and analysed using ImageJ [20] and LAMINA .
" Project name : LAMINA : Leaf shApe deterMINAtion Project home page : http://sourceforge.net/projects/lamina Operating system ( s ) : Platform independent Programming language : Java Other requirements : Java 1.4 .x or higher .
LAMINA uses the Java Advanced Imaging ( JAI ) package http://java.sun.com/javase/technologies/desktop/media/jai/ to support common image file formats , which is bundled with the installation and hence no additional installation should be required .
We designed and developed a new method , MSACompro , to synergistically incorporate predicted secondary structure , relative solvent accessibility , and residue - residue contact information into the currently most accurate posterior probability - based MSA methods to improve the accuracy of multiple sequence alignments .
MSACompro is an efficient and reliable multiple protein sequence alignment tool that can effectively incorporate predicted protein structural information into multiple sequence alignment .
The software is available at http://sysbio.rnet.missouri.edu/multicom_toolbox/ .
Then we developed MSACompro , a new multiple sequence alignment method , which effectively utilizes predicted secondary structure , relative solvent accessibility , and residue - residue contact map together with posterior alignment probabilities produced by both pair hidden Markov models and partition function as in MSAProbs [4] .
We tested the MSACompro method against this data with contact predictions .
We developed Hi - Corrector , an easy - to - use , open source implementation of the Hi - C data normalization algorithm .
The package is freely available at http://zhoulab.usc.edu/Hi-Corrector/ .
We developed Hi - Corrector , a scalable and memory - efficient package for bias removal in HiC data .
Hi - Corrector can run on any single computer or a computer cluster with limited memory size to complete the task .
Therefore , Hi - Corrector is a timely resource addressing the challenge of normalizing high - resolution Hi - C data .
Here we propose a new approach to transmission inference called SCOTTI ( Structured COalescent Transmission Tree Inference ) .
SCOTTI is distributed as an open source package for the phylogenetic software BEAST 2 .
Here , we present a new approach , SCOTTI , that accounts for these complexities in a computationally feasible manner .
SCOTTI is implemented as an open - source package for the Bayesian phylogenetic software BEAST 2 [28] , and as such , it can be freely installed and used .
Availability : FunciSNP is available from Bioconductor ( bioconductor.org ) .
Here , we describe a new bioinformatic tool , called Functional Identification of SNPs ( FunciSNP ) to aid in the identification of candidate functional SNPs associated with a phenotype by integrating and correlating knowledge obtained from three whole - genome sequencing data types ( 1000 genomes , GWAS SNPs and sequence - based chromatin maps ) .
FunciSNP is an R package , which is licensed under the General Public License ( GPLv 3 ) and is freely available through the Bioconductor repository ( [31] ) .
We developed FunciSNP to fully integrate information derived from GWAS , 1000 genomes database and chromatin mapping / epigenomics data in order to identify candidate functional SNPs .
We developed a software package , V - Phaser 2 , for inferring intrahost diversity within viral populations .
We developed V - Phaser 2 , a publicly available software tool ( V - Phaser 2 can be accessed via : http://www.broadinstitute.org/scientific-community/science/projects/viral-genomics/v-phaser-2 and is freely available for academic use ) that enables the efficient analysis of ultra - deep sequencing data produced by common next generation sequencing platforms for viral populations .
We developed the V - Phaser 2 program that overcomes these limitations of V - Phaser [12] .
To overcome these drawbacks , we implemented LAILAPS - QSM , a machine learning approach that reconstruct possible linguistic contexts of a given keyword query .
The source code of LAILAPS - QSM is available under GNU General Public License version 2 in Bitbucket GIT repository : https://bitbucket.org/ipk_bit_team/bioescorte-suggestion
An R package for T3 _ MM is freely downloadable from : http://biocomputer.bio.cuhk.edu.hk/softwares/T3_MM .
T3 _ MM web server : http://biocomputer.bio.cuhk.edu.hk/T3DB/T3_MM.php .
PyMS comprises a library of functions for processing of instrument GC - MS data developed in Python .
PyMS is a novel software package for the processing of raw GC - MS data , particularly suitable for scripting of customized processing pipelines and for data processing in batch mode .
Here we describe PyMS , a novel GC - MS processing software that decouples data processing methods from GUI - based interface .
PyMS currently implements a complete set of methods required in typical GC - MS data processing , including reading of standard data formats , baseline correction , nose filtering , peak detection , peak deconvolution , peak integration , and peak alignment based on dynamic programming described previously [36] .
We present details of the PyMS implementation , give an overview of current data processing capabilities , and analyze real - life data analysis scenarios based on custom data sets .
Project name : PyMS Project home page : http://code.google.com/p/pyms/ Operating system ( s ) : Platform independent Programming language : Python Other requirements : NumPy , Netcdf , Pycdf , Pycluster , matplotlib , tcl , tk License : GNU GPL 2 Any restrictions to use by non - academics : No "
PhysiCell - physics - based multicellular simulator - is an open source agent - based simulator that provides both the stage and the players for studying many interacting cells in dynamic tissue microenvironments .
We demonstrate PhysiCell by simulating the impact of necrotic core biomechanics , 3 - D geometry , and stochasticity on the dynamics of hanging drop tumor spheroids and ductal carcinoma in situ ( DCIS ) of the breast .
The PhysiCell source code , examples , documentation , and support are available under the BSD license at http://PhysiCell.MathCancer.org and http://PhysiCell.sf.net .
PhysiCell is written in cross - platform compatible C + + and is self - contained ( with minimal dependencies ) .
We have tested PhysiCell on Windows through MinGW - w64 , and on OSX and Linux via g + + .
Downloading PhysiCell :
Users can download a PhysiCell release at :
You can get the most recent virtual appliance by browsing to : https://sourceforge.net/projects/physicell/files/PhysiCell/ .
Then browsing a recent release directory ( e.g. , PhysiCell 1.2.2 ) , and downloading the ova file . https://github.com/MathCancer/PhysiCell/releases/latest
PhysiCell is licensed under the ( 3 - clause ) BSD license , which is compatible with commercial products and can be included in GPL - licensed projects .
I introduce an open - source R package ‘ dcGOR ’ to provide the bioinformatics community with the ease to analyse ontologies and protein domain annotations , particularly those in the dcGO database .
To meet these needs , I have developed ‘ dcGOR ’ , a flexible R package that provides a basic infrastructure suitable for representing ontologies and annotations .
The dcGOR is exclusively implemented on the R software environment .
As open - source software , the dcGOR package is freely available under the GPL - 2 license ( see Software S1 ) .
For ease of installation ( R package dependencies ) , it is distributed as part of CRAN , http://cran.r-project.org/package=dcGOR .
For ease of version control , it is also distributed at GitHub , https://github.com/hfang-bristol/dcGOR .
The software tool , termed MetaSel , was developed .
Furthermore , MetaSel offers an intuitive , yet comprehensive , workflow to assist karyotyping , including tools for editing chromosome ( split , merge and fix ) and a karyotyping editor ( moving , rotating , and pairing homologous chromosomes ) .
The program can be freely downloaded from " http://www4a.biotec.or.th/GI/tools/metasel " .
The software , called MetaSel , is the first attempt to offer a free assistive karyotyping tool for chromosome analysis .
This classification module was incorporated into our karyotyping software tool , called MetaSel , which was written from scratch using C # on Microsoft Windows 7 operating system .
Both software ( for Windows XP or 7 only ) and user manual can be freely downloaded from our website , http://www4a.biotec.or.th/GI/tools/metasel .
The OpenSim software is covered by the Apache License 2.0 , which permits its use for any purpose including both nonprofit and commercial applications .
Platform - specific installers of OpenSim include a GUI and are available on simtk.org .
The OpenSim source code is available under the permissive Apache License 2.0 , making OpenSim suitable for any academic , commercial , government , or personal use ( some dependencies have more restrictive licenses ) .
To make OpenSim accessible to a broad community of users , pre - packaged binaries with a desktop application ( GUI and visualizer ) are released periodically at https://simtk.org/projects/opensim .
Here we present NeuroMap , a new interactive Matlab - based software for spatiotemporal mapping of MEA data .
Overall , NeuroMap provides substantial material for detailed spatiotemporal analysis of MEA data .
The package is distributed under GNU General Public License and available at http://sites.google.com/site/neuromapsoftware .
Because such approach has , to our knowledge , not been adapted for mapping MEA data , here we present NeuroMap , an interactive Matlab - based software for mapping MEA data based on spline interpolation .
NeuroMap has been used on real LFP data recorded from embryonic mouse brainstem and spinal cord preparations .
NeuroMap is made freely available to the community under GNU General Public License ( GPL ) at http://sites.google.com/site/neuromapsoftware .
For this purpose , an image warping tool was implemented in NeuroMap , based on a moving least squares algorithm employing rigid transformations for a realistic deformation ( Schaefer et al . , 2006 ) .
NeuroMap is licensed under GNU GPL and can be freely downloaded from a dedicated website ( http://sites.google.com/site/neuromapsoftware ) .
We presented NeuroMap , an interactive software for spatiotemporal mapping of 2D and 3D MEA data .
We present a new open source , extensible and flexible software platform for Bayesian evolutionary analysis called BEAST 2 .
A second major improvement is the ability to read / write the entire state of the MCMC chain to / from disk allowing it to be easily shared between multiple instances of the BEAST software .
The first generation Bayesian Evolutionary Analysis by Sampling Trees ( BEAST ) package [1] , [2] has become a popular platform for solving such problems and takes a modeling philosophy that all of these evolutionary analysis problems share at their core one or more phylogenetic time - trees .
This paper describes the overarching design and implementation details of a re - write of the BEAST platform that we have designated BEAST 2 , as well as presenting examples of some significant new models developed especially for this new platform .
The BEAST 2 platform is an open source project and is anonymously available on a source repository hosted by GitHub at https://github.com/CompEvol/beast2 and supplementary material Code S1 .
This example file runs on BEAST 2.1.0 with the MultiTypeTree package ( http://compevol.github.io/MultiTypeTree/ ) .
Here , we present the software library pSSAlib , which provides a complete and concise implementation of the most efficient partial - propensity methods for simulating exact stochastic chemical kinetics .
Here , we describe pSSAlib in detail and apply it to a new model of the endocytic pathway in eukaryotic cells , leading to the discovery of a stochastic counterpart of the cut - out switch motif underlying early - to - late endosome conversion .
pSSAlib is written in C + + and is designed to be highly efficient , also supporting parallel execution on distributed - memory computer clusters .
The pSSAlib source code and pre - packaged installers are freely available from mosaic.mpi - cbg.de as open source under the GNU LGPL v 3 license .
We have developed GEMINI ( GEnome MINIng ) , a flexible software package for exploring all forms of human genetic variation .
Unlike existing tools , GEMINI integrates genetic variation with a diverse and adaptable set of genome annotations ( e.g. , dbSNP , ENCODE , UCSC , ClinVar , KEGG ) into a unified database to facilitate interpretation and data exploration .
Whereas other methods provide an inflexible set of variant filters or prioritization methods , GEMINI allows researchers to compose complex queries based on sample genotypes , inheritance patterns , and both pre - installed and custom genome annotations .
GEMINI also provides methods for ad hoc queries and data exploration , a simple programming interface for custom analyses that leverage the underlying database , and both command line and graphical tools for common analyses .
We demonstrate GEMINI ' s utility for exploring variation in personal genomes and family based genetic studies , and illustrate its ability to scale to studies involving thousands of human samples .
We have therefore developed GEMINI ( GEnome MINIng ) , a novel software package that integrates genetic variation in the VCF format [3] with both automatically installed and researcher - defined genome annotations into a unified database framework .
GEMINI is a freely available , open - source software package .
The source code is maintained and available at : https://github.com/arq5x/gemini .
In response , we have created Wham ( Whole - genome Alignment Metrics ) to provide a single , integrated framework for both structural variant calling and association testing , thereby bypassing many of the difficulties that currently frustrate attempts to employ SVs in association testing .
Wham and all associated software are covered under the MIT License and can be freely downloaded from github ( https://github.com/zeeev/wham ) , with documentation on a wiki ( http://zeeev.github.io/wham/ ) .
Wham clusters all the candidate breakpoints and rounds their positions to the nearest tenth base pair .
To do this , Wham should be run over a BAM file containing SVs that have been validated .
We also use Wham to identify biologically important structural variants in non - human data .
Wham and all associated software can be found on github ( https://github.com/zeeev/wham ) , documentation is on the wiki ( http://zeeev.github.io/wham/ ) .
We present VisANT , an application for integrating biomolecular interaction data into a cohesive , graphical interface .
VisANT is a freely available , open - source tool for researchers , and offers an online interface for a large range of published data sets on biomolecular interactions , including those entered by users .
VisANT has been developed to provide interactive visual mining of biological interaction data sets .
VisANT is available at http://visant.bu.edu .
We present Telescope , a computational software tool that provides accurate estimation of transposable element expression ( retrotranscriptome ) resolved to specific genomic locations .
Telescope is available at https://github.com/mlbendall/telescope .
Here , we introduce Telescope , a tool which provides accurate estimation of TE expression resolved to specific genomic locations .
We use Telescope to investigate the expression of HERVs in cell types from the ENCODE consortium .
Telescope is implemented in Python , is available as an open - source program under the MIT license , and has been developed and tested on Linux and MacOS .
With Pep2Path , we introduce a software package to fully automate the peptidogenomics approach through the rapid Bayesian probabilistic matching of mass spectra to their corresponding biosynthetic gene clusters .
Finally , we can also add an η variable that allows NRPSPredictor 2 mismatches to be penalized exponentially as the number of mismatches increase : The default value in the Pep2Path software is η = 2 .
Pep2Path is freely available from http://pep2path.sourceforge.net/ , implemented in Python , licensed under the GNU General Public License v 3 and supported on MS Windows , Linux and Mac OS X .
Updated versions of the Pep2Path code will be made available on http://pep2path.sourceforge.net in the future .
In the present paper , new algorithms for SNP microarray data analysis and the software , AccuTyping , developed based on these algorithms are described .
AccuTyping was used to determine > 300 000 genotypes of DNA and sperm samples .
AccuTyping can be downloaded from http://www2.umdnj.edu/lilabweb/publications/AccuTyping.html .
A computer software , AccuTyping , was developed based on the algorithms described above .
AccuTyping takes inputs of the two color intensities digitized from scanned microarray images with one of the two popular software packages , GenePix ( Axon Instrument , Union City , CA ) or ImaGene ( Biodiscovery , Inc . , El Segundo , CA ) .
The program is available for download from our website http://www2.umdnj.edu/lilabweb/Publications/AccuTyping.html .
Metabomatching is written for Matlab and compatible with octave .
Metabomatching is also available as a docker container , and within the metabolomics e - infrastructure PhenoMeNal http://phenomenal-h2020.eu .
Here , we present a new approach to computer - assisted de novo design of ligand candidate structures , and describe its implementation in the software tool DOGS ( Design Of Genuine Structures ) .
DOGS implements 83 reactions ( termed coupling reactions in the following ) , 58 of which are unique and 25 represent either charge variations ( reactants ) or regioisomer variations ( products ) of one of the unique reactions .
The DOGS software was implemented in the programming language Java ( Oracle Corporation , 500 Oracle Parkway , Redwood Shores , CA 94065 , USA ) version 1.6 and uses the Chemistry Development Kit ( CDK , version 1.0.2 ) [23] , [24] .
Additionally , PathVisio 3 introduces a new powerful extension systems that allows other developers to contribute additional functionality in form of plugins without changing the core application.PathVisio can be downloaded from http://www.pathvisio.org and in 2014 PathVisio 3 has been downloaded over 5,500 times .
PathVisio is a freely available , open - source tool published under the Apache 2.0 license ( http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 ) .
In 2008 , we presented the first version of our pathway visualization and analysis tool PathVisio [1] .
PathVisio is implemented in Java and thus runs on all major operating systems .
The PathVisio repository is located at http://repository.pathvisio.org .
To enable the integration of PathVisio in an automated workflow , we developed PathVisioRPC ( http://projects.bigcat.unimaas.nl/pathvisiorpc/ ) to be able to call PathVisio from other programming languages through an XML - RPC server .
THREaD Mapper Studio ( http://cbr.jic.ac.uk/threadmapper ) is a new web site that implements a novel , visual and interactive method for the estimation of genetic linkage maps from DNA markers .
Most recently , a public web server THREaD Mapper Studio has been developed to enable any user to analyse their data set using the THREaD Mapper method without the need for downloading and installing software packages .
THREaD Mapper Studio is mostly coded in Python and JavaScript .
Availability : The package is freely available under LGPL from the R - Forge web site ( http://repitools.r-forge.r-project.org/ )
This work presents Constraint - based Flux Analysis ( CBFA ) , an open - source software application for flux analysis in metabolic models that implements several methods for phenotype prediction , allowing users to define constraints associated with measured fluxes and / or flux ratios , together with environmental conditions ( e.g. media ) and reaction / gene knockouts .
The integration of CBFA within the OptFlux framework for ME enables the utilization of different model formats and standards and the integration with complementary methods for phenotype simulation and visualization of results .
In this work , CBFA - Constraint - based Flux Analysis , a general - purpose and flexible application is proposed that is independent of the type of data available and their processing .
In order to explore several features for model handling and visualization , and to enable the interaction with different tools , CBFA was built as a new plugin for Optflux .
An overview of the overall workflow implemented in CBFA is provided in Figure [1] , where the different inputs , the generated constraints , the system types , the supported methods and their outputs are shown .
More details : Software name : CBFA plugin for Optflux Project home page : http://www.optflux.org/ Methods details and application tutorial : http://www.optflux.org/cbfa Operating system ( s ) : Platform independent Programming languages : Java Other requirements : Java JRE 1.7 .x ( for Mac OS users the installation of JDK 1.7 is recommended ) , GLPK License : GNU - GPL , version 3 "
The current work describes our SSPACE - LongRead software which is designed to upgrade incomplete draft genomes using single molecule sequences .
Academics can request a free copy at http://www.baseclear.com/bioinformatics-tools/ .
" • Project name : SSPACE - LongRead • Project home page : http://www.baseclear.com/bioinformatics-tools/ • Operating systems : All major Linux platforms • Programming languages : Perl , C + + ( the latter is required for BLASR , see below ) • Other requirements : BLASR for the alignment of long reads [22] • License : BaseTools software license • Any restrictions to use by non - academics : commercial licence needed "
Here , we describe CellProfiler 3.0 , a new version of the software supporting both whole - volume and plane - wise analysis of three - dimensional ( 3D ) image stacks , increasingly common in biomedical research .
Designed by and for biologists , CellProfiler equips researchers with powerful computational tools via a well - documented user interface , empowering biologists in all fields to create quantitative , reproducible image analysis workflows .
The first version of CellProfiler was introduced in 2005 and published in 2006 [4] .
A second major version of CellProfiler , rewritten in Python from its original MATLAB implementation , was published in 2011 [5] and included methods for tracking cells in movies and measuring neurons , worms , and tissue samples .
In the CellProfiler 3.0 release , we introduced methods for analyzing 3D images , using deep learning architectures and cloud computing resources , and other improvements to CellProfiler ’ s usability and capabilities .
( B ) Evaluation of CellProfiler 3.0 performance in comparison to the MorphoLibJ plugin in Fiji software .
To this end , we designed a general framework , BeWith , for identifying modules with different combinations of mutation and interaction patterns .
To address this challenge , we designed a general framework , named BeWith , for identifying modules with different combinations of mutation and interaction patterns .
We introduced the BeWith framework to identify multiple mutated modules displaying specific mutation patterns between and within modules .
We present a general fragmentation methodology and accompanying tools called FragIt to help setup these calculations .
We present an open source fragmentation methodology , an accompanying command line tool and a corresponding web service called FragIt that enables one to easily fragment any molecule or system of interest using predefined ( or custom ) patterns to locate fragmentation points .
We have tested FragIt on several artificial and naturally occurring proteins with patterns of fragmentation to make reasonable fragments both in terms of the involved chemistry and size .
The web service [44] available at http://www.fragit.org enables users to upload their structure , fragment it and download the resulting input file to GAMESS .
For greater flexibility , we strongly encourage the use of the command line tool which can be downloaded from the above URL or accessed from the development source at http://www.github.com/FragIt/ .
The FragIt source code is distributed under an open source license ( GPL , version 2 or later ) and users of the FragIt code are encouraged to submit changes and additions , especially for their own ( fragmentation ) methods .
We present ggsashimi , a command - line tool for the visualization of splicing events across multiple samples .
Compared to the existing versions of programs generating sashimi plots , it uses popular bioinformatics file formats , it is annotation - independent , and allows the visualization of splicing events even for large genomic regions by scaling down the genomic segments between splice sites . ggsashimi is freely available at https://github.com/guigolab/ggsashimi .
In contrast to the original tool , ggsashimi internally generates an R script which uses the ggplot 2 library [5] for the graphical rendering .
Since ggsashimi uses the most popular file formats and has very few dependencies , it can be easily integrated in any splicing analysis pipeline , and can facilitate the interrogation of alternative splicing in large - scale RNA sequencing projects , such as ENCODE [6] and GTEx [7] . ggsashimi is freely available at https://github.com/guigolab/ggsashimi .
By using our software ( ACME ) to study somite formation , we were able to segment touching cells with high accuracy and reliably quantify changes in morphogenetic parameters such as cell shape and size , and the arrangement of epithelial and mesenchymal cells .
Our software has been developed and tested on Windows , Mac , and Linux platforms and is available publicly under an open source BSD license ( https://github.com/krm15/ACME ) .
Precompiled binaries are also available at https://wiki.med.harvard.edu/SysBio/Megason/ACME .
We introduce sourceR , an R package for quantitative source attribution , aimed at food - borne diseases .
The aim of this paper is to extend current approaches to statistical source attribution , and to provide a standard software package , sourceR , providing an intuitive interface to source attribution models for epidemiological domain specialists .
The stable release version of sourceR is available from the Comprehensive R Archive Network , released under a GPL - 3 licence .
The development version is available at http://fhm-chicas-code.lancs.ac.uk/millerp/sourceR .
Here we present a tool , Podbat ( Positioning database and analysis tool ) , that incorporates data from various sources and allows detailed dissection of the entire range of chromatin modifications simultaneously .
Podbat can be used to analyze , visualize , store and share epigenomics data .
Podbat is open source software freely downloadable from www.podbat.org , distributed under the GNU LGPL license .
Podbat requires Java version 1.6 or higher .
We set out to develop an integrated computational tool , Podbat ( Positioning database and analysis tool ) for use on epigenomics datasets .
Podbat is open source software implemented as a desktop application in Java and can be freely and anonymously downloaded from www.podbat.org or as supplemental material accompanying this paper ( Software S1 ) .
Podbat is distributed under the GNU LGPL license .
Here we describe a simple experimental set - up and a novel open - source code , named M - Track , for simultaneously tracking the movement of individual forepaws during spontaneous grooming in multiple freely - behaving mice .
M - Track provides a valuable and user - friendly interface to streamline the analysis of spontaneous grooming in biomedical research studies .
Fifth , by using a mean shifting clustering algorithm , M - Track identifies the highest - density cluster of pixels with the highest probability values .
The software and documentation for M - Track is freely available for download from the Scimemi Lab website ( https://sites.google.com/site/scimemilab2013/software ) or from the GitHub repository , which also includes detailed instructions on software installation and video analysis , which can be tested in videos of black and white mice ( https://github.com/scimemia/M-Track ) .
M - Track was written using Python 2.7 , OpenCV 3.0 and Qt 4.8 , which can be downloaded free of charge at the URLs reported in Table 3 .
The software and documentation for M - Track are freely available for download from the Scimemi lab website ( https://sites.google.com/site/scimemilab2013/software ) or from the GitHub repository ( https://github.com/scimemia/M-Track ) .
Here we report VDJtools , a complementary software suite that solves a wide range of T cell receptor ( TCR ) repertoires post - analysis tasks , provides a detailed tabular output and publication - ready graphics , and is built on top of a flexible API .
VDJtools software and documentation are available at https://github.com/mikessh/vdjtools .
VDJtools can calculate basic immune repertoire statistics that were commonly used in pre - HTS era repertoire analysis .
VDJtools is an open - source software , the source code can be accessed at GitHub [40] .
OHM ( OligoHeatMap ) is an online tool able to provide estimates of T for a set of oligomers and a set of aligned sequences , not only as text files of complete results but also in a graphical way : T values are translated into colors and displayed as a heat map image , either stand alone or to be used by softwares such as TreeDyn to be included in a phylogenetic tree .
OHM is freely available at http://bioinfo.unice.fr/ohm/ , with links to the full source code and online help .
To fill this gap , we developed a web - based application , QuIN , which enables : 1 ) building and visualizing chromatin interaction networks , 2 ) annotating networks with user - provided private and publicly available functional genomics and interaction datasets , 3 ) querying network components based on gene name or chromosome location , and 4 ) utilizing network based measures to identify and prioritize critical regulatory targets and their direct and indirect interactions .
AVAILABILITY : QuIN ’ s web server is available at http://quin.jax.org QuIN is developed in Java and JavaScript , utilizing an Apache Tomcat web server and MySQL database and the source code is available under the GPLV 3 license available on GitHub : https://github.com/UcarLab/QuIN/ .
To overcome the limitations of current tools , we developed a single platform for Querying and visualizing Chromatin Interaction Networks ( QuIN ) ( http://quin.jax.org ) ( Fig 1 ) .
In summary , QuIN is designed to enable biologists to easily represent and annotate their chromatin - interaction datasets in the form of networks and to use these datasets for discovering important interactions or targets .
QuIN is an open source project released under the GNU General Public License Version 3 and is available on GitHub ( https://github.com/UcarLab/QuIN/ ) and in S1 software .
We introduce MicroSyn software as a means of detecting microsynteny in adjacent genomic regions surrounding genes in gene families .
MicroSyn was designed for both experienced and non - expert users with a user - friendly graphical - user interface .
MicroSyn is available from : http://fcsb.njau.edu.cn/microsyn/ .
We have developed a tool , called MicroSyn , to semi - automatically detect microsynteny within an individual gene family .
In particular , MicroSyn was designed for both experienced and non - expert users .
To demonstrate the utility and use of MicroSyn , we presented a case study of the evolution of miR 167 gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana ( Arabidopsis ) , Populus trichocarpa ( Populus ) , Vitis vinifera ( grape ) and Oryza sativa ( rice ) .
In this study , we took advantages of newly available whole genome resources , and developed a program , MicroSyn , a semi - automated tool , to provide an additional valuable means to address the problem intrinsic in the computational methods and sequence qualities themselves in gene family analysis .
MicroSyn is now implemented in C # on Windows platform .
" Project name : MicroSyn Project home page : http://fcsb.njau.edu.cn/microsyn Operating system ( s ) : Windows Programming language : C # Requirements : .net framework on Windows "
Results : We propose a novel RNA - Seq quantification method , RNA - Skim , which partitions the transcriptome into disjoint transcript clusters based on sequence similarity , and introduces the notion of sig - mers , which are a special type of k - mers uniquely associated with each cluster .
Availability and implementation : The software is available at http://www.csbio.unc.edu/rs .
Based on these sig - mers , we developed a method , RNA - Skim , which is much faster than Sailfish and also maintains the same level of accuracy in the results .
We proposed a method , RNA - Skim , for quantifying the transcripts using the sig - mer counts in RNA - Seq data .
ProDySummary : We developed a Python package , ProDy , for structure - based analysis of protein dynamics .
Availability : ProDy is open source and freely available under GNU General Public License from http://www.csb.pitt.edu/ProDy/ .
We developed ProDy to analyze and retrieve biologically significant information from such heterogeneous structural datasets .
In ProDy , we implemented algorithms for optimal alignment of such heterogeneous datasets and building corresponding covariance matrices .
To fill this void , we have developed the illuminaio package that parses IDAT files from any BeadArray platform , including the decryption of files from Illumina ’ s gene expression arrays . illuminaio provides the first open - source package for this task , and will promote wider uptake of the IDAT format as a standard for sharing Illumina BeadArray data in public databases , in the same way that the CEL file serves as the standard for the Affymetrix platform .
Implementation illuminaio is an R package [9] .
Software availability illuminaio is an R package available from the Bioconductor project ( http://www.bioconductor.org ) and from http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7588 .
The article describes illuminaio , an R package to process the raw data files produced by the Illumina scanning software .
We present ASPASIA ( Automated Simulation Parameter Alteration and SensItivity Analysis ) , a cross - platform , open - source Java toolkit that addresses a key deficiency in software tools for understanding the impact an intervention has on system behaviour for models specified in Systems Biology Markup Language ( SBML ) .
ASPASIA , released under the Artistic License ( 2.0 ) , can be downloaded from http://www.york.ac.uk/ycil/software .
To address the challenge of capturing and analysing biological interventions in SBML , we have developed ASPASIA ( Automated Simulation Parameter Alteration and SensItivity Analysis ) , a freely available software package that is compatible with all versions and levels of SBML and that complements currently available SBML solver software and statistical packages .
ASPASIA is open source and available under the Artistic License ( 2.0 ) .
MAGPIE , a Modeling and Analysis Generic Platform with Integrated Evaluation , closes this gap by providing a software platform for both , publishing and executing computational models without restrictions on the programming language , thereby combining a maximum on flexibility for programmers with easy handling for non - technical users .
We demonstrate the versatility of MAGPIE using four prototypic example cases .
Our platform MAGPIE addresses this issue by providing a single platform where researchers from different domains can publish , exchange and execute models on - line ( Fig 1 ) as well as publish and exchange data .
MAGPIE was implemented in Ruby on Rails 5 .
The MAGPIE source code can be downloaded from the GitHub repository at https://github.com/christbald/magpie and installed on any public or private server , as well as on any local computer .
To address this need , we propose a novel reactive coarse - grained force field , as well as a publicly available software package , named the Mechanochemical Dynamics of Active Networks ( MEDYAN ) , for simulating active network evolution and dynamics ( available at www.medyan.org ) .
The MEDYAN model has been implemented in a C + + software package which uses efficient data structures and object - oriented programming paradigms to simulate active networks with the scheme described in the earlier sections .
Our public software implementation of MEDYAN ( available at www.medyan.org ) is also versatile enough such that other active networks , biological or artificial , could be simulated with a similar level of detail in comparison to its cytoskeletal applications , including self - organizing polymeric micelles [118] , ParM polymerization mechanisms in bacterial mitosis [119] , and many types of synthetic polymer gels .
Availability and implementation : BEDTools was written in C + + .
Source code and a comprehensive user manual are freely available at http://code.google.com/p/bedtools
In an effort to address these needs , we have developed BEDTools , a fast and flexible suite of utilities for common operations on genomic features .
Here , we present a novel Python - based toolbox called HDDM ( hierarchical drift diffusion model ) , which allows fast and flexible estimation of the the drift - diffusion model and the related linear ballistic accumulator model .
HDDM requires fewer data per subject / condition than non - hierarchical methods , allows for full Bayesian data analysis , and can handle outliers in the data .
The software and documentation can be downloaded at : http://ski.clps.brown.edu/hddm_docs/
We introduce RNA - SeQC , a program which provides key measures of data quality .
RNA - SeQC allows investigators to make informed decisions about sample inclusion in downstream analysis .
Availability and implementation : See www.genepattern.org to run online , or www.broadinstitute.org/rna-seqc/ for a command line tool .
Here we present RNA - SeQC , a metrics tool with application to two domains : experiment design and process optimization ; and quality control prior to computational analysis .
Implemented in Java , RNA - SeQC is platform independent and requires no installation .
We present a method for copy number detection , implemented in the software package CNVkit , that uses both the targeted reads and the nonspecifically captured off - target reads to infer copy number evenly across the genome .
CNVkit is freely available from https://github.com/etal/cnvkit .
We implemented CNVkit as a Python 2.7 software package comprising a command - line program , cnvkit.py , and reusable library , cnvlib .
CNVkit generates several kinds of plots using the software libraries Biopython [35] , Reportlab ( http://www.reportlab.com/opensource/ ) and matplotlib ( http://matplotlib.org ) :
CNVkit source code is freely available from https://github.com/etal/cnvkit under the Apache License 2.0 ( http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 ) .
We have developed a comprehensive software tool , WholePathwayScope ( WPS ) , for deriving biological insights from analysis of HTP data .
The tool is freely available at http://www.abcc.ncifcrf.gov/wps/wps_index.php .
To facilitate the simultaneous analysis and comparison of multiple HTP experiments in the context of biological pathways and association networks , and allow pattern extraction of a selected gene list with biological themes , we developed a stand - alone , Windows - based software tool called WholePathwayScope , or WPS .
WholePathwayScope or WPS is a software tool that displays HTP data in user - defined or stored gene groups or pathways .
We have described WPS , as a new pathway - based analysis tool , that facilitates and enhances the analysis of HTP data in the context of biological pathways and networks .
" Project name : Pathway analysis tool WPS for high - throughput data ; Project home page : http://www.abcc.ncifcrf.gov/wps/wps_index.php [63] Operating system : Microsoft Window 2000 or XP Programming language : Microsoft Visual Basic 6 Other requirements : Internal databases for different species and a collection of over 1900 PathwayScopeFiles ( PSCP files for mouse ) available on web site ; Additional user - provided PSCP files and those from other sources will be made available as they are collected .
NemaFootPrinter ( Nematode Transcription Factor Scan Through Philogenetic Footprinting ) is a web - based software for interactive identification of conserved , non - exonic DNA segments in the genomes of C . elegans and C . briggsae .
" Project name : NemaFootPrinter Project home page : http://bio.ifom-firc.it/NTFootPrinter/index.html server side : UNIX type platforms client side : Any operating system Programming language : SQL , Perl , Java Other requirements : The web - based application was tested and is compatible with the more common Internet browser .
We developed a software tool , SNPdetector , for automated identification of SNPs and mutations in fluorescence - based resequencing reads .
SNPdetector was designed to model the process of human visual inspection and has a very low false positive and false negative rate .
SNPdetector runs on Unix / Linux platform and is available publicly ( http://lpg.nci.nih.gov ) .
We used SNPdetector for SNP discovery as part of the HapMap project [7] .
To compare the performance of SNPdetector with the other SNP detection programs , we reanalyzed a subset of ENCODE data ( 61 amplicons on Chromosome 18 ) using PolyPhred 5.0.2 and NovoSNP [17] ( a new SNP detection software package ) .
During the development of SNPdetector , we used the mouse resequencing data as the training dataset because heterozygotes in inbred mouse strains are almost always false positive as a result of mouse breeding history .
SNPdetector runs on Unix and Linux and is publicly available by anonymous ftp ( http://lpg.nci.nih.gov ) .
SNPdetector was implemented in C and Perl .
Herein , we present Molecular Interactions in Super Resolution ( MIiSR ) software which provides quantitative analysis tools for use with super - resolution images .
MIiSR combines multiple tools for analyzing intermolecular interactions , molecular clustering and image segmentation .
To address these limitations we have developed Molecular Interactions in Super - Resolution ( MIiSR ) , a validated set of software tools for quantifying intermolecular interactions and the formation of higher - order molecular complexes in super - resolution images .
MIiSR natively supports positions files from Leica GSD - SR Ground - State Depletion microscopes , Zeiss ELYRA PS 1 dSTORM microscopes , and any microscope running QuickPALM software [34] .
MIiSR is an open - source project licensed under the GNU General Public License and is available as S1 - MIiSR Program in this paper , with updated versions published at http://www.phagocytes.ca/miisr/ .
MIiSR works on any Linux , Windows and Macintosh computer running an appropriate version of Matlab equipped with the image processing , statistics and parallel processing toolboxes .
Here I will introduce GenomePop , a forward simulation program that fulfills the above requirements .
Here I will introduce the program GenomePop that fulfills the mentioned requirements .
" Project name : GenomePop v. 1.0 Project home page : http://webs.uvigo.es/acraaj/GenomePop.htm Operating system ( s ) : Windows and Linux ( the source will be provided to compile for Mac ) Programming language : C + + License : GNU GPL . "
We present a bioinformatics solution ( 3PD ) to support the experimentalist in detecting long - ranging intra or inter chromosomal contacts by Chromosome conformation capture ( 3C ) assays .
In summary , our software 3PD facilitates genome - wide primer design for 3C experiments in a matter of seconds .
Our software is available as a web server at : http://www.pristionchus.org/3CPrimerDesign/ .
Finally , we have introduced a web interface to our 3PD software and we have provided a runtime benchmark on real - world problem sizes .
Our software is freely available to academic users as a web server at : http://www.pristionchus.org/3CPrimerDesign/ .
" • Project name : 3C Primer Design • Project home page : http://www.pristionchus.org/3CPrimerDesign/ • Operating system ( s ) : Platform independent • Programming language : Java • Other requirements : Any web browser supporting forms • License : The web interface is freely available to academic users • Any restrictions to use by non - academics : Licence needed "
Here we introduced PSICIC as a robust and generally - applicable computational method for automating the high - resolution quantitative analysis of cellular image data .
We have thus made available the source code , software , and documentation for PSICIC ( see link at http://www.molbio1.princeton.edu/labs/gitai/ ) , and encourage others to modify , expand , and adapt the software capabilities to suit their own applications .
The original images overlaid with the cell borders identified by PSICIC were manually verified to check for false positives .
We gratefully acknowledge Sidhartha Goyal and Kerwyn Huang for helpful discussions during the development of PSICIC and Gitai lab members for their assistance with experiments .
Results : We have developed biographer , a web - based renderer and editor for reaction networks , which can be integrated as a library into tools dealing with network - related information .
Availability : The biographer tool can be used at and downloaded from the web page http://biographer.biologie.hu-berlin.de/ .
The different software packages , including a server - indepenent version as well as a web server for Windows and Linux based systems , are available at http://code.google.com/p/biographer/ under the open - source license LGPL .
In this paper , we present GINI , a machine learning system for inferring gene interaction networks from Drosophila embryonic ISH images .
GINI builds on a computer - vision - inspired vector - space representation of the spatial pattern of gene expression in ISH images , enabled by our recently developed system ; and a new multi - instance - kernel algorithm that learns a sparse Markov network model , in which , every gene ( i.e. , node ) in the network is represented by a vector - valued spatial pattern rather than a scalar - valued gene intensity as in conventional approaches such as a Gaussian graphical model .
Software for GINI is available at http://sailing.cs.cmu.edu/Drosophila_ISH_images/ ( b ) GINI extends such analysis to inferring a network from bags of images per gene .
We developed ProteoLens as a JAVA - based visual analytic software tool for creating , annotating and exploring multi - scale biological networks .
We developed ProteoLens as a new visual analytic software platform for creating , annotating and analyzing multi - scale biological networks .
In the next several sections , we first describe ProteoLens implementation and then demonstrate how it can be used to enable multi - scale biological network - based research through three case studies .
ProteoLens is a standalone software tool written in Java programming language .
" Project name : ProteoLens • Project home page : http://bio.informatics.iupui.edu/proteolens/ • Operating system ( s ) : The software is platform independent and can run anywhere Java Virtual Machine runtime is available .
An installer is provided for Windows NT / XP / 2003 / Vista users .
• Programming language : Java • Other requirements : Java Runtime Environment ( JRE ) version 1.5 or above is required .
Results : We developed LCR - eXXXplorer , an extensible online platform attempting to fill this gap .
Availability and implementation : LCR - eXXXplorer is freely available at the URL http://repeat.biol.ucy.ac.cy/lcr-exxxplorer .
In this work , we present LCR - eXXXplorer , an online service to search , visualize and share LCRs in protein sequences .
Results : We present a bioinformatics tool , termed aLFQ , which supports the commonly used absolute label - free protein abundance estimation methods ( TopN , iBAQ , APEX , NSAF and SCAMPI ) for LC - MS / MS proteomics data , together with validation algorithms enabling automated data analysis and error estimation .
aLFQ is written in R and freely available under the GPLv 3 from CRAN ( http://www.cran.r-project.org ) .
Here , we provide aLFQ , an open - source implementation of algorithms supporting the estimation of protein quantities by any of the aforementioned methods , and additionally provide automated workflows for data analysis and error estimation .
aLFQ was implemented in R as a modular S3 package .
The VBA toolbox is then used to invert a “ dynamical ” variant of the Q - learning model ( cf . section “ Reinforcement learning models of choice data ” ) , given the agent ' s sequence of choices .
In this paper , we have exposed the main algorithmic components of the VBA toolbox , which implements a probabilistic treatment of nonlinear models for neurobiological and behavioural data .
VBA ' s code is under open - source GNU General Public Licence ( v 2 ) , and is freely downloadable from the toolbox ' s internet wiki pages ( http://code.google.com/p/mbb-vb-toolbox/wiki/InstallingTheToolbox ) .
Here we introduce MAGERI , a computational pipeline that efficiently handles all caveats of UMI - based analysis to obtain high - fidelity mutation profiles and call ultra - rare variants .
Here we introduce MAGERI ( Molecular tAgged GEnome Re - sequencing pIpeline ) , a dedicated software tool that implements UMI tag extraction and processing routines , an assembly routine that groups sequencing reads tagged with the same UMI into consensuses , and consensus alignment and variant calling modules ( Fig 1 ) .
MAGERI is implemented in Java v 1.8 and is distributed as a single cross - platform executable JAR file [ https://github.com/mikessh/mageri ] .
Ensembler is free and open source software licensed under the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) v 2 .
Ensembler is written in Python , and can be used via a command - line tool ( ensembler ) or via a flexible Python API to allow integration of its components into other applications .
The Ensembler modeling pipeline comprises a series of stages which are performed in a defined order .
The code for Ensembler is hosted on the collaborative open source software development platform GitHub ( github.com / choderalab / ensembler ) .
In this paper we developed a new algorithm called ESPRIT - Forest for parallel hierarchical clustering of sequences .
The software is available at http://www.acsu.buffalo.edu/ ∼ yijunsun / lab / ESPRIT - Forest.html .
In this paper we propose a new parallel algorithm , ESPRIT - Forest , which is able to handle the problem of hierarchical clustering of tens of millions of sequences accurately , with subquadratic time and space complexity and a good scalability with respect to the number of CPUs .
The ESPRIT - Forest software is available at http://www.acsu.buffalo.edu/ ∼ yijunsun / lab / ESPRIT - Forest.html , including the source code of both MPI and OpenMP implementations with pre - compiled executable codes .
To address the need for comprehensive , fully automated , and biology - driven analyses of C . elegans swim motion , we developed the program CeleST ( C . elegans Swim Test ) , which accomplishes multi - animal tracking , measurement , and data analysis without need for investigator intervention .
CeleST can track multiple animals simultaneously ( we use 5 / drop but more are possible ) , and can import data from other trackers to score measures .
The CeleST software can be used as a platform , and with application - specific tracking methods and measures , other cellular or animal behaviors can be analyzed ( sperm mobility , zebrafish swimming , etc . ) for any application that can use video ( mating , sleeping , feeding , foraging , etc . ) .
Overall , the CeleST program constitutes an accessible and comprehensive approach for C . elegans locomotory quantitation that translates analysis of complex swimming patterns to a new level of resolution and efficiency .
Here we present PhyloGibbs - MP , an extension of PhyloGibbs in several directions that go well beyond standard motif - finding .
PhyloGibbs - MP can localise predictions to small modules , not known a priori , in large quantities of input sequence .
PhyloGibbs - MP is available at http://www.imsc.res.in/ ∼ rsidd / phylogibbs - mp / .
We present CGBayesNets , a BN package focused around prediction of a clinical phenotype from mixed discrete and continuous variables , which fills these gaps .
CGBayesNets provides a full suite of functions for model exploration and verification , including cross validation , bootstrapping , and AUC manipulation .
CGBayesNets is implemented in MATLAB and available as MATLAB source code , under an Open Source license and anonymous download at http://www.cgbayesnets.com .
CGBayesNets provides functions for making testing on multiple different datasets simple and direct .
The CGBayesNets package is available from the authors and via anonymous download from www.cgbayesnets.com.
The collected data were coded and entered into epidata software version 3.1 and exported to SPSS V - 20 for analysis .
Part of the controls were recruited via an online platform , called Experimetrix , at Ghent University , which is an online experiment scheduling system for students .
The heartbeat perception task was programmed using E - Prime 2.0 software ( http://www.pstnet.com/products/e-prime/ ) and presented on a 19 - inch CRT monitor with 640x 480 screen resolution and a 60 Hz refresh rate .
R - waves were counted offline by means of a custom - made R - top algorithm in Brain Vision Analyzer 2 software .
Upon reaching adulthood , individuals were photographed and their head width and pronotum width measured to the nearest 0.01cm using ImageJ 1.48 [45] , with sex being determined by examination of the sexually dimorphic subgenital plates .
The accuracy of measurements was ascertained by ten adults being measured three times each and a repeatability analysis carried out in JMP ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , North Carolina ) .
We collapsed the individual measures used for each personality trait into the first principal component ( PC ) score for each individual in the statistical package JMP , including scores from each trial for each individual .
We then tested for a significant correlation between the two trials ’ ranked PC scores for each individual by carrying out Spearman ’ s rank correlations in SPSS .
Models were built in the R environment [50] using the nlme package [51] .
All structure images were created using DS ViewerPro 6.0 [42] .
Residue conservation scores were determined for each representative domain structure from the ConSurf - HSSP database [45] .
Predictions of surface patches for the representative domain structures were determined from the SHARP 2 server [46] .
Microsoft Excel 2007 was used to compile the data and STATA Version 12.0 was used for statistical analyses [28] .
Significance was accepted at P ≤ 0.05 , statistical power was 90 % , and the analyses were performed in Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 20.0 ( SPSS , Chicago , Illinois , USA ) .
Quantitative data were recorded by interviewers on data sheets , double entered in Epi Info 3.5.1 ( CDC , Atlanta , GA , USA ) by data entry clerks and cleaned for statistical analysis in SAS 9.2 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) .
This enabled automatic importation of entire interviews with codes into the qualitative data analysis software MAXQDA 10 ( VERBI Software , Consult . Sozialforschung . GmbH , Marburg , Germany ) .
For integrated analysis of quantitative and qualitative data , quantitative variables ( see below ) were imported into MAXQDA 10 ; this made it possible to retrieve narrative segments based on analytically relevant findings or statistical relationships .
In this study , we implemented QRFs by R package “ quantregForest ” ( version 0.2 - 3 ) and assessed the variable importance by permutation used in the original random forest algorithm .
The analyses were done using SAS ( Version 9.1.3 . SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC , USA ) .
The calculations were performed with SAS , PROC POWER .
Data were analysed with CellQuest software ( BD Biosciences ) .
Statistical analysis was conducted with Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 15.0 software ( SPSS inc . , Chicago IL , USA ) and figures were constructed with GraphPad Prism 5 software ( GraphPad Software inc . , La Jolla CA , USA ) .
Animal survival was plotted using the PRISM 5.0 program .
Prism calculates survival fractions using the product limit ( Kaplan - Meier ) method .
Prism compares survival curves by two methods : the log - rank test ( also called the Mantel - Cox test ) and the Gehan - Breslow - Wilcoxon test .
Paired Student ’ s t tests were performed using Excel software .
Multilevel model of symptomatic change : When analysing predictors of symptomatic improvement during the course of treatment , a longitudinal multilevel framework was applied using the linear mixed - effects models procedure in SPSS version 21 .
We used a qualitative data analysis software program , ATLAS.ti 6.2 , to facilitate analysis .
Redness of the conjunctiva : the bulbar redness ( nasal , lateral , and total ) and the limbal degree of redness ( nasal , lateral , and total ) were automatically and objectively measured and classified with the R - Scan module of the Keratograph 5M .
The R - Scan module detects thin blood vessels in the conjunctiva and evaluates the degree of redness , using the following scoring scale : 0 , no redness ; 1 , single conjunctival injections , 2 , minor , scattered injections ; 3 , enhanced local injections ; and 4 , enhanced scattered injections [6] .
All analyses were conducted in R [20] .
First the T1 image is segmented into a set of regions using FreeSurfer [17] , after which structural and functional connectivity maps are extracted .
Networks are extracted for each individual ( upper panel ) by extracting brain regions from the T1 image using FreeSurfer , and extracting structural and functional connectivity between these regions from preprocessed DWI and fMRI , respectively .
Cortical reconstruction and volumetric segmentation of each subject ’ s T1 image to produce an ROI atlas was performed using the FreeSurfer image analysis suite [17] , available online at http://surfer.nmr.mgh.harvard.edu .
The atlas was registered with 12 degrees of freedom to both the DWI ’ s b0 image and a mean fMRI , also using FSL ’ s FLIRT algorithm .
The DWI ' s were preprocessed using AFNI and FSL tools [18] .
FA and mean diffusivity ( MD ) images were generated from the skull - stripped DWI using DTIFit .
All three images ( DWI , FA and MD ) were masked using a mask generated from the registered FreeSurfer image , including cortex , white matter and subcortical regions .
The network extraction step of the “ Statistical Analysis of Minimum cost path based Structural Connectivity ” ( SAMSCo ) framework [4] was used to define structural connectivity because it minimizes the influence of directional uncertainty while finding globally optimal paths .
SAMSCo produces two values per connection , one from the seed to target region and the other from the target to seed region .
Therefore , the SAMSCo networks were symmetrized by choosing the minimum of the two costs ( and corresponding DFA values ) to represent the edge between each pair of regions .
It is important to note that SAMSCo is a less traditional choice of structural connectivity measure , an aspect which is discussed in more detail in the “ Image preprocessing and network generation ” subsection of the Discussion section .
Preprocessing of the fMRI ' s was accomplished using ANFI and FSL tools [18,19] .
The fMRI images were slice - timing and motion - corrected , both using AFNI tools .
Rather , the FreeSurfer ROIs were registered to the fMRI image for each subject separately , and then used to define connectivity .
After registration of the FreeSurfer segmentation to the diffusion image space , which required up - sampling of the data , two regions of one subject in the RSS study did not have any voxels remaining .
In the RSS data , after registration and down - sampling of the FreeSurfer atlas to the fMRI - space , in two regions of one subject no voxels survived the down - sampling ( the left entorhinal cortex and the right temporal pole ) .
Only subjects who had DWI , fMRI and pre - computed FreeSurfer segmentations were included .
We can employ some kind of computer software such as Matlab to carry out the mathematical experiments .
Amplified DNA was analyzed for length variations on an ABI 3700 sequencer using GENEMAPPER 4.0 ( Applied Biosystems ) .
Mitochondrial and nuclear DNA analysis : Sequences were aligned in BIOEDIT 7.0.9.0 [32] using the ClustalW algorithm .
Haplotypes were identified using ARLEQUIN 3.11 [33] .
For nuclear sequences , two alignments were created : first , heterozygous sites were coded using the IUPAC ambiguity codes ( unphased dataset ) ; and second , gametic phases of nuclear sequences were inferred using the Bayesian algorithm implemented in PHASE 2.1 [34] ( phased dataset ) .
Recombination in our nuclear genes was tested using the PHI test implemented in SPLITSTREE 4.11.3 [35] and the tree - based SBP and GARD methods [36] implemented online via the Datamonkey webserver [37] .
The most suitable model of DNA substitution for each locus and dataset was determined using MODELTEST 3.0 [38] according to the Akaike Information Criterion ( AIC ) .
PhyML 3.0 [39] was used to perform ML analyses with default parameters as starting values .
Bayesian analyses were performed with MRBAYES 3.1.1 . [40] .
A 50 % Majority - rule consensus tree was generated in PAUP 4.0b 10 [41] .
Median joining networks were performed with NETWORK 4.5.1.6 [42] to explore relationships among haplotypes for the mitochondrial ( cytb / COI ) and nuclear ( bfibr / G6pd ) datasets .
Genetic diversity and population differentiation : Haplotype ( h ) and nucleotide ( π ) diversities of the main lineages identified by phylogenetic analysis were estimated for the four loci independently using ARLEQUIN .
Tables of nuclear allele frequency were computed with GENEPOP 4.0.11 [43] and frequency differences ( genic differentiation ) were tested for each nuclear locus and across all nuclear loci for all pairs of lineages containing more than three individuals with GENEPOP .
The net genetic distance between lineages was computed in MEGA 4.1 [44] under the Kimura two parameters ( K2P model ) for the cytb dataset .
Genetic differentiation among lineages containing more than three individuals was quantified by computing pairwise differentiation Φ ST for the mitochondrial dataset and FST for the nuclear dataset using ARLEQUIN .
A Mantel ' s test performed in ARLEQUIN on mitochondrial and nuclear datasets independently was used to assess the hypothesis of isolation by distance ( IBD ) among the four groups of populations by comparing pairwise geographic distance ( log transformed ) with pairwise ( FST / [ 1 − FST ] ) .
Divergence times of L . neilli and L . edwardsi , and of the main lineages of L . neilli ( approximation of the time to the most recent common ancestor - TMRCA [45] , ) , were estimated using Bayesian inference , as implemented in the program BEAST 1.6.1 [46] on the cytb dataset .
Analyses were performed under the TN 93 + G substitution model ( previously estimated by MODELTEST ) , a strict molecular clock and a constant size coalescent population model .
Convergence of the chains to the stationary distribution was checked using TRACER 1.5 [54] .
All BEAST computations were performed on the computational resource Bioportal at the University of Oslo ( http://www.bioportal.uio.no ) .
Genetic diversity was assessed by calculating expected ( He ) and observed ( Ho ) heterozygosities with ARLEQUIN and confirmation of Hardy - Weinberg equilibrium ( HWE ) was tested using GENEPOP for each locus separately and over all loci for each sampling site .
The allelic richness ( AR ) was calculated using the rarefaction procedure implemented in FSTAT 2.9.3.2 [55] .
Multi - locus Fis was calculated for each population and adjusted for multiple tests using a Bonferroni ' s correction with FSTAT .
The proportion of null alleles ( NA ) at each locus and for each population was estimated with FREENA [56] and genotypes were corrected using MICRO - CHECKER 2.2.3 [57] .
Tests for linkage disequilibrium between loci for each sampling site were performed with GENEPOP .
STRUCTURE 2.3.1 [58] was used to infer the number of populations ( K ) and assign individuals to genetic clusters independently of spatial sampling .
We used CLUMPP 1.1 [59] to average the results of multiple iterations for a given K .
GENELAND 3.3.0 [60] was used to perform a spatial genetic analysis by integrating geographic and genetic information and to determine the most probable K .
A visual output of the STRUCTURE and GENELAND results was generated using DISTRUCT [61] .
Genetic differentiation among clusters containing more than three individuals was quantified by computing pairwise FST using ARLEQUIN .
IBD among the four groups of populations and within groups including at least four clusters ( northeast and west ) was tested by comparing pairwise geographic distance ( log transformed ) with pairwise ( FST / [ 1 − FST ] ) and ( RST / [ 1 − RST ] ) using ARLEQUIN and SPAGeDI 1.3 [62] , respectively .
We used VIP ( Vicariance Inference Program ) [63] to localize the main isolating barriers within L . neilli distribution range .
VIP uses a phylogenetic tree ( ML tree of the combined dataset ) and direct geographic information data to search for the disjunctions / barriers among sister groups .
To infer ancestral areas of L . neilli populations and investigate the relative role of vicariance and dispersal in the evolutionary history of this species , we used a dispersal - extinction - cladogenesis ( DEC ) model of range evolution implemented in LAGRANGE [64] .
This analysis was carried out on the chronogram inferred with BEAST limited to the ten lineages with four geographic areas ( west , centre , north , northeast ) .
Approximate Bayesian computation implemented in the software DIYABC 1.0.4.45beta [66] was used to infer the evolutionary history of L . neilli combining our mitochondrial and microsatellite datasets .
We performed a maximum likelihood land cover classification using ENVI ( Environment for Visualizing Images ) software ( ITT 2011 ) [40] .
4 , 2010 from Digital Globe , Inc . Spatial analysis was performed utilizing geo - spatial modeling environment ( GME ) software version 0.5.8 beta [41] and Fragstats software version 3.3 [42] .
Individual and environmental risk factors for Lyme disease : We used general estimating equation models ( XTGEE ) in STATA / SE , version 12.0 ( STATA Corporation , College Station , TX ) to assess the association between personal protective behaviors , age , landscape metrics and individual serological status .
Finally , to determine whether there were spatial relationships among the properties not captured by the measured variables , we evaluated whether the residuals of the model were significantly autocorrelated using the Moran ’ s I test included in the ArcGIS Spatial Statistics toolbox [53] , [54] .
All processing was performed using ScopeWin and Matlab software .
Statistical analysis was performed using the software package SPSS Statistics 24.0.0.0 ( IBM Corp . Armonk , NY , USA ) and statistical significance was defined as p < 0.05 .
Data were entered in EpiData version 3.1 ( " The EpiData Association " Odense , Denmark ) and exported to STATA version 12 ( StataCorp , College Station , Texas 77845 USA ) for analysis . Analysis was by intention - to - treat whereby participants were kept in the groups in which they were randomised and final analysis excluded those with ‘ missing of data ’ about outcomes of interest ( lost to follow up , had abortions ) [29] .
The dataset was declared a survey data by using svy - commands in STATA .
Odds Ratios were calculated using random effects , employing the xtmelogit command in STATA because our outcomes were of binary nature .
The generic STATA command was : xtmelogit [ primary outcome ] [ trial arm ] X1 X2 formtok hc level : , covariance ( unstructured ) OR where , X = explanatory variables ; hc level = Health Centre level ; OR = Odds Ratio Only covariates that showed p - values equal ≤ 0.05 were left , then the Odds Ratio , confidence interval and p - value of the treatment arm were reported as adjusted values .
The experimental programs were written and operated with Microsoft ™ Visual Basic ™ 2010 software ( Microsoft Corp . ; Redmond , WA , USA ) .
The original pictures were manipulated using Adobe Photoshop software ( Adobe Systems ; San Jose , CA , USA ) and Pixelmator ( Pixelmator Team Ltd . ; Vilnius , Lithuania ) .
Data were analysed using a generalised linear mixed model ( GLMM ) in R 3.3.1 [37] using the lme 4 package [38] .
Data were analyzed using SAS 9.3 .
Spatial analysis was integrated using geographic information system software ( GIS 10 ) .
Fish were filmed for 15 minutes and the behaviour of each sex was analyzed using JWatcher software , which calculates the total time and frequency of each quantified behaviour during this period .
From these images , ray 4 and ray 6 were measured to the nearest 0.001 mm using Motic Digilab II ( Motic Instruments Inc . , Hong Kong ) .
All statistical analyses were performed using SPSS ( 19.0 ) .
Survival ( up to 165 h ) between large and small fish on the three substrata was compared using Survival Analysis ( Statistica 8.0 ) .
All analyses were performed using the SAS GLM procedure ( Version 9.3 ; SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) .
Analyses on participants who agreed to give blood ( n = 1229 ) were carried out using Stata 10.0 .
The statistical tests were performed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS ) for Windows ( Version 13.0 , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
De novo assemblies were created for each isolate , using Roche Newbler package ( v. 2.6 ) , CLC Genomic Workbench 6.5.1 , and SMRT analysis 2.0.1 , for isolates sequenced by 454 , Miseq ™ , and PacBio , respectively .
All draft genomes were annotated using NCBI ’ s Prokaryotic Genomes Automatic Annotation Pipeline ( PGAAP [40] , ) .
Phylogenetic trees were constructed using GARLI [ 41 , 42 ] under the maximum likelihood criterion .
The phylogenetic tree in Fig 2 was constructed using GARLI under the GTR + gamma model of nucleotide evolution .
The raw reads of each sample were mapped to the closed reference genome , CFSAN 001339 , using Novoalign V 2.08.02 ( http://www.novocraft.com ) , and the variants were called using SAMtools and stored in a VCF file [43] .
A custom Python script was used to read through each VCF file and construct a SNP matrix for further phylogenetic analyses , as follows .
The maximum likelihood ( ML ) tree was constructed using GARLI [41,42] with 200 ML replicates and 1000 bootstrap replicates .
All GARLI analyses were performed with the default parameter settings and the GTR + gamma nucleotide substitution model .
Detailed descriptions of the data analysis pipeline is available [44] as well as github ( see https://github.com/CFSAN-Biostatistics/snp-mutator ) .
The video fed directly to a desktop computer which used Noldus Ethovision ™ to track the swim - patterns of the fish .
Data were analyzed using FlowJo software 10 ( Tree Star , USA ) .
Samples were analyzed using a FACS Canto flow cytometer ( Becton Dickinson ) , and data were analyzed using FlowJo software version 10 ( Tree Star , USA ) .
Statistical analyses were performed with Graphpad Prism 5.0 ( GraphPad Software Inc . USA ) using two tailed Student ’ s t test with Welch ’ s correction .
Data analyses were performed using R software ( R Development Core Team , 2010 , version 2.11.1 ) .
Statistical analyses were performed using the SAS software package ( version 9.2 ) .
The meteorological variables were used as input for the Fire Weather Indices Calculator software , developed in the frame of the ALPFFIRS project by WSL ( www.wsl.ch ) , in order to calculate fire weather indices for each day of the time interval considered ( Table 1 ) .
All model analyses were performed with the R statistical package , version 3.0.2 [48] .
For the Maxent model , we used the ‘ dismo ’ R package ( version 0.8 - 17 ) with the Maxent default settings .
All statistical tests were run using the R statistical packages version 3.0.2 [48] .
3D reconstructions of serial sections were generated with the same equipment using the LSM imaging software for the 3D deconvolution .
Photomicrographs were collected with a Photometrics CoolSNAP camera and Improvision Openlab software .
The concentration of compounds was determined using Chromeleon software .
Image acquisitions were performed by an observer blind to the treatment groups using a CCD camera ( Model CFW - 1612C , Scion Corporation , MD , USA ) attached to an Olympus microscope and connected to a MacIntosh computer ( Software : ImageJ , Wayne Rasband , NIH , Bethesda , MD , USA ) .
All statistical analyzes were performed with GraphPad Prism 5.0 for MacOS X ( GraphPad Software Inc , La Jolla CA ) and all data are expressed as mean ± SEM .
Network parameters ( clustering coefficient , characteristic path length and number of edges ) were then calculated for each connectivity matrix by using the tnet software [21] .
All statistical analyses in the present study were performed with MATLAB [23] .
For each thresholded network we then obtained the small - world parameters , namely , the number of edges , the clustering coefficient , and the characteristic path length by using the tnet software [21] .
Subsequently the correlation matrix of each subject was subjected to tnet software [21] , [32] , [33] , which calculated the small - world indices for each individual subject ( for further details see [19] ) .
Standardized regression coefficients ( SCR ) were calculated using the sensitivity package of the R - project [50] .
Statistical analysis was conducted with the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS Inc . Chicago , Illi - nois , USA ) version 21.0 .
This analysis focuses on the 181,764 beneficiaries who were consistently eligible for benefits over at least 22 months in 2009 and 2010 , who also received DCG codes . ( Sightlines DxCG Risk Solutions V 3.0 , Verisk Health Inc ) Beneficiary age and gender were available .
For gene prediction , we used ENSEMBLE transcript ( Sanger Institute ) .
The pore structure homology model of the zebrafish Kir 7.1 channel ( residues 40 to 178 ) was created from the template KirBac 1.1 structure using DS modeling software version 1.1 ( Accelrys , http://www.accelrys.com ) .
The channel current was recorded using a patch - clamp amplifier ( Axon 200B ; Axon Instruments , http://www.axon.com ) , low - pass - filtered at 1 kHz ( − 3 dB ) by an eight - pole Bessel filter , digitized by an AD converter ( Digidata ; Axon Instruments ) , and continuously acquired on a computer ( Dell ) with commercially available software ( pCLAMP 9 ; Axon Instruments ) .
Calculation of sample size per species and sampling area was based on estimated population sizes derived from the regional hunting bags , and performed using WinEpiscope ™ 2.0 software [39] , with the aim of detecting infection and assuming a prevalence of 5 % in each species with 95 % confidence level .
Statistical analysis , including the calculation of 95 % - confidence intervals for bTB and MTBC prevalence , was performed using NCSS 2007 statistical software ( Version 07.1.15 ; Kaysville , UT , USA ) .
Data were analyzed using multilevel analyses , given the nested nature of the data ( individuals within FSA ) using SAS version 9.4 .
fMRI data were analyzed using SPM 8 ( Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging , http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) .
We defined a hypothalamic region of interest ( with Marsbar [24] , ) by modeling brain activation across all subjects and androstadienone concentrations , and built a region of interest for the cluster of hypothalamic activation ( peak voxel MNI - coordinates : x = 2 , y = − 6 , z = 0 ; volume size = 250 mm 3 ) .
The anatomical borders for each area of interest were defined by using overlays generated by the Wake Forest University ( WFU ) Pickatlas [31] toolbox for SPM .
The statistical significance of inter - regional differences was tested using a chi - squared test in R software [112] .
The Mann - Whitney U Test , conducted in R , was used to identify statistically significant differences between populations .
Data analysis and visualization were performed using Excel and “ R ” , version 3.1.3 .
Analyses were performed using SPSS 18.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , United States ) .
Paleoradiological evaluation as well as performance of multi - planar reconstructions ( MPR ) was carried out at the Picture Archiving and Communicating System ( ImpaxEE , Agfa HealthCare , Bonn , Germany ) in the Department of Radiology by the first author who is also experienced in paleoradiology and musculoskeletal radiology .
Position was verified by magnetic resonance imaging with the aid of a Brainsight system ( Rogue Research Inc . ) .
We confirmed recording location before each recording session using our Brainsight system with structural magnetic resonance images taken before the experiment .
We confirmed recording locations by listening for characteristic sounds of white and gray matter during recording , which in all cases matched the loci indicated by the Brainsight system .
Stimuli were controlled by a computer running Matlab ( Mathworks ) with Psychtoolbox [73] and Eyelink Toolbox [74] .
The Markov model was built in Excel ; statistical analysis to parameterize the model was undertaken in STATA version 11 .
SPSS 22.0 for Windows ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) was used for the analyses .
All algorithms for analysis , feature extraction and classification were implemented in MATLAB ( Release 2015a ) .
The ICA was computed using the EEGLAB toolbox [29] , which implements an Infomax approach .
Data analysis was performed with EpiInfo 3.5.4 and Stata 10 software .
All analyses were conducted using SAS Version 9.4 using survey procedures ( PROC SURVEY REG ) that account for the complex survey design .
Interrater reliability ( kappa ) was calculated with SPSS version 15.0 ( SPSS Inc , Chicago , Illinois ) , and chi - square analysis of categorical data was performed with JMP version 5.1 ( SAS Institute , Cary , North Carolina ) .
Actigraphs were initialised for each child using an Actigraph Reader Interface Unit ( RIU - 41A ) with RIU software ( version 2.26B , MTI Health Services , http://www.mtifwb.com ) .
All analyses were performed using Stata version 8 ( StataCorp , http://www.stata.com ) .
Stata and SPSS software were used .
Linear regression models were constructed in Stata and used for testing significance ; nonordered exposures with 3 or more groups were entered as fixed covariates applying likelihood ratio tests , and ordered exposures were tested as ordinal covariates on one degree of freedom .
Preliminary quality control of raw reads was carried out with FastQC software v 0.11.2 [89] .
Illumina raw sequences were trimmed using Trimmomatic [90] and PCR primers and Illumina adapter sequences were removed .
Reads which successfully passed trimming were mapped against the Bos taurus UMD 3.1.68 reference genome sequence , using STAR [91] aligner to obtain BAM alignment files .
The BAM files were sorted and indexed using Samtools [92] .
Reads which passed the quality control were used for novel small - RNA discovery using Mirdeep 2 [43] .
Absolute positions of novel miRNAs on the bovine reference genome were retrieved by BLAST [95] .
Counts of all the known and the novel miRNAs were used to quantify expression levels for each sample using Mirdeep 2 .
Expression Analysis of mRNAs and miRNAs : Statistical analyses to compare mRNA and miRNA expression profiles were performed using the " R " statistical environment edgeR [96] , vegan [97] and gplots [98] packages .
A general linear model was used in the edge R Package to generate lists of mRNAs and miRNAs with statistically significant different expression among the three comparisons : PP vs NN , NP vs NN and PP vs NP .
Primers for Real - time RT - qPCR are listed in Table 7 and were designed using Primer - BLAST ( NCBI ) or deduced by the literature .
The Pearson correlation coefficient between the two analyses was calculated using IBM Statistical Package for Social Sciences software ( SPSS , ver. 21 ; IMB SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) and differences were considered as statistically significant if the p - Value was < 0.05 .
Functional Analysis of gene expression data : The RNA - Seq differentially expressed ( DE ) gene lists obtained for each comparison ( PP vs NN , NP vs NN , PP vs NP ) were submitted to the Qiagen Ingenuity Pathway Analysis ( IPA ; Ingenuity Systems Inc . , USA ) .
miRDB software [101] was used with default threshold settings for the initial prediction , based on miRNA - target matching the miRNA seed region and 3 ’ UTR mRNAs .
Predicted targets of known miRNAs were then analyzed with the TargetScan software v 7.0 [102] .
Predicted gene targets of the novel miRNAs were obtained only from the miRDB prediction software , because target identification was done directly from the novel miRNA sequences .
Statistical analyses were performed using STATISTICA Windows XP version 12 .
All analyses were performed with PASW ™ for Windows ™ version 18.0 software ( formerly SPSS Statistics Inc . Chicago , Illinois ) and survey procedure for complex sampling design .
All analyses were conducted using SPSS version 20.0 ( S1 Dataset ) .
Statistical significance was set at p ≤ 0.05 , and analysis was performed using SAS software program ( version 9.1 ; SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC ) .
SPSS version 15.0 software ( SPSS Inc . 2007 , Chicago , Illinois , USA ) was used for statistical calculations .
The experiment was run in a quiet room on a laptop using Psychopy [34] .
SAS version 9.2 ( SAS Institute , Inc . , Cary , NC , USA ) was used for all the analyses .
fMRI data were analyzed with the BrainVoyager 2.1 software package and in - house scripts drawing on the BVQX toolbox in MATLAB .
Statistical analysis of the results was performed with the use of Statistica 10.0 for Windows by StatSoft .
Data were analyzed with the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS ) for Windows ( Version 19.0 ) .
Using ArcGIS ( version 10.0 , Environmental Systems Research Institute , Redlands , California ) , we created a uniform pattern of sample points with a distance of 4 km apart for both study areas .
To determine which water sources to sample for a given period , we generated random points within each study area using ArcMap .
We performed all analyses using Program R [31] .
We carried out imputation to HapMap release 22 using Mach 1.0 , Markov Chain Haplotyping [16] .
Genotypes were called using the BeadStudio calling algorithm .
We carried out imputation to HapMap release 22 ( after excluding SNPs with MAF < 1 % , SNP call rate < 98 % and HWE p value < 1 × 10 − 6 ) using Mach 1.0 , Markov Chain Haplotyping [16] .
We carried out genome - wide association analyses for BMDC using additive linear regression in Mach2QTL for both ALSPAC and GOOD ( using GRIMP [20] for the GOOD analyses ) .
We carried out meta - analyses of the results from the two cohorts using two methods in METAL ( www.sph.umich.edu/csg/abecasis/metal ) .
Additive linear regression analyses were carried out for the associations between these SNPs and BMDC in PLINK [21] ( ALSPAC ) or in SPSS Statistics 17.0 ( MrOS Sweden ) using age , sex , height and weight ( ln ) as covariates .
We calculated the combined p - value ( for all four cohorts ) using METAL ( method described above ) .
We carried out association analyses using additive linear regression in PLINK for ALSPAC and in SPSS Statistics 17.0 for GOOD and MrOS Sweden .
An interaction between sex and rs 1021188 in association with BMDC in the ALSPAC cohort was tested in PLINK , which tests the significance of the interaction term in the linear model .
This was carried out in METAL using the inverse - variance method described above .
Sequence raw data was analysed with Sequence Scanner v 1.0 ( Applied BioSystems ) program and sequences were subsequently aligned with BioEdit software version 7.0.0 [30] in relation to the revised Cambridge Reference Sequence [31] .
For each population , the number of different haplotypes ( K ) , the number of polymorphic sites ( S ) [58] , the gene diversity ( H ) [59] and the nucleotide diversity ( π ) [58] , [59] were estimated using the software Arlequin ver. 3.11 [60] .
Slatkin ’ s linearized FST pairwise genetic distance matrices between population [61] were calculated using the software Arlequin ver. 3.11 .
Multidimensional scaling . ( MDS ) was used to represent genetic distances in a two - dimensional space using SPSS ver. 17.0 ( SPSS Inc . ) .
Phylogenetic networks [62] among haplotypes were constructed using the program Network 4.610 ( www.fluxus-engineering.com ) .
Spatial frequency distribution maps of East Eurasian lineages in Pre - Iron Age and Iron Age periods were obtained using Surfer version 8.05 ( Golden Software ) .
A total number of 347 SNPs and 20 microsatellite markers were used for the OS cross , with the marker map generated using Crimap [54] , covering ∼ 2535 cM , with an average marker spacing of ∼ 7.5 cM .
QTL analysis was performed using QTL Express ( http://qtlcap.ed.ac.uk ) , qxpak v 2.16 [55] and R / Qtl [56] for the standard interval mapping and epistatic analyses .
Transcripts were coded using ATLAS.ti v 6.0 software for thematic analysis .
The survey data were entered into an Access database using a two - pass data verification process and analyzed using SPSS v 15.0 software .
We used the model - specification language of BioNetGen , which is called BNGL , to define the types of molecules included in our model and to write rules for interactions .
Simulations , bifurcation analysis , and sensitivity analysis : We performed simulations using a deterministic method available within BioNetGen [53] .
The reaction network consists of 173 chemical species and 6,581 unidirectional reactions . ( The size of the reaction network reflects the number of protein phosphoforms and protein complexes that can arise from the interactions represented by the rules of the model . ) BioNetGen ’ s built - in ODE solver , CVODE from the SUNDIALS package [69] , was then used to numerically integrate the ODEs , using default settings .
The steps described above were performed automatically by BioNetGen and invoked using point - and - click commands available within RuleBender [70] , which provides a graphical user interface for accessing BioNetGen ’ s capabilities .
The numerical methods described above , in contrast to continuation methods implemented in software tools such as AUTO and MatCont , do not allow for characterization of unstable steady states or unstable limit cycles , but with these methods , it is possible to analyze the ( large ) system of ODEs of interest , for which continuation methods are prohibitively inefficient .
Statistical analyses were performed using SAS software , version 9.4 ( SAS Institute , Cary , North Carolina ) .
English transcripts were coded in Nvivo 9 and then analyzed by the main author , who was not involved with the study intervention .
Fiber tracts among the five ROIs were reconstructed using the streamlining method as implemented in the TrackVis software ( http://trackvis.org/ ) ( For details , refer to S1 Text ) .
Fiber tracts between the amygdala and each of the other four ROIs were reconstructed using the probabilistic method as implemented in the FDT tool of the FSL software ( http://fsl.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/ ) ( For details , refer to S1 Text ) .
We used logistic regression with ridge estimators as a classification algorithm [25] as implemented in the Waikato Environment for Knowledge Analysis interface [26] .
All statistical analysis was performed using the Stata / SE software ( release 13.1 ) ( Stata Corp LP , College Station , TX , USA ) , and the statistical significance level was set at P = 0.05 in all statistical inferences .
All data analyses were carried out in R version 3.3.0 using packages ‘ Mice ’ , ‘ lattice ’ , ‘ Survival ’ , mitml ’ , and ‘ survC 1 ’ .
The analysis was conducted in Mplus 6.0 for Windows [43] .
Multiple imputation was performed in AmeliaView [44] .
The “ DIFFTEST ” option in MPlus 6.0 was used to obtain a correct chi - square difference test for the WLSMV estimators and was used to estimate the differences between the least constrained model ( with all the paths freely estimated ) and the most constrained model ( with all the paths constrained to be equal ) as well as the partially constrained model ( with some of the paths freely estimated and others constrained to be equal ) [43] .
Statistical analysis was carried out using SPSS 22.0 .
Subjects performed a version of the ‘ Cyberball ’ social exclusion task whilst being scanned [19] .
Participants had a short training session with Cyberball before playing the task in the scanner .
Also , previous research has shown that subjects experience similar level of distress when playing Cyberball against a computer as when they think they are playing against real people [20] .
A very similar approach has recently been used in another Cyberball study [13] .
After scanning , each subject was assessed using a self - report ‘ social distress ’ rating questionnaire [10] used in previous Cyberball studies [13] .
SPM 8 ( http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) was used for analysis .
The average realigned image was used to derive parameters for spatial normalization to the SPM 8 Montreal Neurological Institute ( MNI ) template with the parameters applied to each image of the time - series .
The social exclusion and motor response regressors were convolved with the SPM 8 haemodynamic response function without time or dispersion derivatives .
For each subject , the covariate image used for second level analyses was the SPM 8 ‘ beta ’ image , which comprised the estimated linear regression coefficient between the percentage of social exclusion and observed BOLD signal .
Estimating genetic ( co ) variances in Lifetime Reproductive Success : We partitioned the variance in LRS using a REML linear mixed model that incorporates pedigree - based estimated of genetic relatedness across all individuals ( animal model [17] , , [23] ) , which was implemented in AsReml ( VSN International ) .
The simulation of the pedigree and recalculation of LRS data was implemented with a purpose - specific programme coded in MATLAB ( MathWorks ) , with animal model analyses implemented in AsReml ( VSN International ) as described above .
Statistical analyses were performed using Stata 13 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX ) .
Data was double - entered into an Epi Info 6.04d software application , and an internal consistency check was conducted .
Statistical analyses were performed using the Stata Statistical Package , version 9 .
Median - effect dose ( Dm ) on day 4 was calculated for each cell line using CompuSyn software [26,27] .
Comparisons were performed when appropriate using two - sided Student ’ s t tests ( Excel , Microsoft ) .
In this study we used the Skeeter Buster model [16] , a stochastic , biologically detailed , spatially - explicit model of Ae . aegypti populations , based on biological elements of the CIMSiM model [49] .
The Skeeter Buster model simulates the biological development of four life stages of Ae . aegypti : eggs , larvae , pupae in individual water - holding containers , and adults in individual houses .
We choose to simulate mosquito populations in a part of the city of Iquitos , Peru , because the application of Skeeter Buster to this location has been the object of a specific case study [28] .
Simulating FK Strain Release in Skeeter Buster : FK was simulated in Skeeter Buster as a female - specific lethal allele carried on a single locus with two alleles .
All analyses were done using Stata version 9.2 and ESRI ArcGIS version 9.2 .
Sperm concentration and motility were assayed using a computer - aided sperm analyses ( CASA ) system coupled to a phase contrast microscope ( Nikon Eclipse model 50i ; Nikon Instruments Europe B.V . , Izasa S.A . ; negative contrast ) and employing Sperm Class Analyzer ( SCA , Barcelona , Spain ) v. 4.0 . software ( Microptic S.L . , Barcelona , Spain ) [35] .
Statistica software ( TIBCO Software Inc . Palo Alto , CA , USA ) specifically uses Lloyd ' s method to implement the k - Means algorithm [38] .
The right number of clusters was determined by a v - fold cross - validation algorithm included in the Statistica package .
All statistical calculations were made using TIBCO Statistica software v. 13.3 ( TIBCO Software Inc . ) .
All tasks were prepared using E - Prime 2.0 stimulus presentation software .
All the analyses were performed using the Stata 13 statistical program ( Stata Corporation , College Station , TX , USA ) .
Stimuli were displayed on a 21 inch CRT monitor ( refresh rate = 120 Hz ) using MatLab ( 7.1 version ) software .
Custom - made MATLAB software was used for all calculations .
EMD calculations within the IIT program were performed using the open source fast MATLAB code of Pele and Werman [49] .
The IBM SPSS software package was used for statistical analysis .
Based on these 946 SNP positions we then computed a Maximum Parsimony ( MP ) tree using MEGA 5 with 200 bootstrap replicates [4] .
We chose the partial deletion method with a 95 % cut off in MEGA 5 that removed 310 SNPs that had insufficient data before the MP - tree calculation .
All statistical analyses were performed using SAS 9.3 ( SAS , Cary , NC , USA ) , with the significance level set to 0.05 , two - tailed .
Our pharmacokinetic modeling and simulation were performed by use of ADAPT II program [44] and a MATLAB program developed in our own lab for numerical solution of differential equations defined in Eqs . ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) [45] , [46] , [47] .
Animal movements were recorded and digitally processed through the Optical flow algorithm based on the Horn - Schunck methodology [13] implemented in Matlab .
To do this , we grouped the short series Mr corresponding to the pre - infection phase by using the k - means algorithm ( kmeans command in Matlab performed with squared Euclidean distance ) with the five statistical values ( Mrmin , Mrq 1 , Mrmed , Mrq 3 , Mrmax ) , which assigned the input observations into k clusters through step - wise cluster centroid estimation based on optimisation of within - and between - cluster dispersion [19] .
To set up the optimal number of clusters k used in the k - means algorithm , we used the gap criterion algorithm ( evalclusters command in Matlab ) , which scored the so - called gap statistic associated to a proposed number of clusters based on the minimisation of within - cluster dispersion [20] .
To do this , we built a support vector machine ( SVM ) pairwise classifier in Matlab .
To measure this reliably , we used the Wald - Wolfowitz runs test ( runstest command in Matlab ) at significance levels of 90 % , 95 % and 99 % , corresponding to respective p - values of less than 0.1 , 0.05 or 0.01 , which evaluated whether consecutive daily motion values were randomly distributed around the average value of the considered period .
Analyses were conducted using R ( version 2.12.1 ) .
Doppler scans were replayed back on the quantification software ( Q - LAB v 6 , Philips Healthcare , Andover , MA , USA ) and three images per ovary with the greatest area of blood flow were chosen for quantification by two observers blinded to the treatment groups .
Using Image J software ( http://rsbweb.nih.gov/ij/ ) the area of total Doppler signal flow for each image was quantified and averaged per ovary .
Primer 3 Input version 0.4 , online software , was used to design forward and reverse primers ( Table 2 ) from DNA sequences obtained from Ensembl Genome Browser , sequences were checked for specificity using Basic Local Alignment Search Tool and validity confirmed as previously described [26] .
All descriptive ( Proc surveymeans and Proc surveyfreq ) and associational ( Proc surveylogistic ) analyses were carried out using the survey data analysis procedures in SAS 9.4 and incorporated information about multi - stage sampling and relevant sampling weights .
Travel times were obtained from the TRANS - TOOLS road network using the shortest path algorithm assuming free - flow travel times ( for the details , we refer to Jacobs - Crisioni and Koomen [78] ; Jacobs - Crisioni et al . [77] ) .
Counting of pyknotic / dead cells was done using Stereo investigator ( MBF Biosciences , USA ) .
For data analysis , the Δ Δ Ct method was used with the aid of a Microsoft excel spreadsheet containing algorithms provided by the manufacturer .
For the analysis , we used the SPSS software for Windows , version 15.0 ( SPSS Ltd . ) .
All analyses were performed using STATA 14.0 .
Data were analyzed using R statistical software [20] .
Image J software ( National Institutes of Health ) was used for data analysis .
Images were collected on a Nikon confocal microscope and analyzed by using Nikon NIS Advanced Research software .
The percentage of occupied brain area and the intensity of the plaque were determined for each sample using the Image J program ( NIH ) .
Behavior data was analyzed using HVS Image 2015 software ( HVS Image ) .
The intensity was subsequently analyzed by using Nikon NIS Advanced Research software .
Two - way ANOVA followed by Bonferroni post hoc analysis or Student t tests wherever appropriate were used for repeated measure analysis on SPSS software ( IBM software ) .
To preclude the inclusion of NUMTs , all fragments were submitted for BLAST searching [40] in GenBank to ensure that the required sequences had been amplified .
Further , protein - coding nucleotide sequences were translated to amino acids using MEGA 4.1 [41] to check for premature stop codons .
Allele scoring was performed using genemapper [42] .
Alignments were first conducted using Clustal W [43] integrated into MEGA v. 4.1 [41] while employing default parameters .
When required , the initial alignments were subsequently adjusted by eye using MEGA v. 4.1 .
Protein - coding nucleotide sequences were translated to amino acids using MEGA v. 4.1 to confirm alignments .
Identical haplotypes were collapsed using DnaSP , v. 5.0 [44] .
The search was conducted using PAUP * v. 4.0b 10 [45] with 100 random stepwise additions and TBR branch swapping .
For the first dataset , associations among the 214 D - loop haplotypes were also visualized by a full median - joining network [46] , [47] with MP post - processing [48] as implemented in Network v. 4.5 ( www.fluxus-engineering.com/sharenet.htm ) .
For the second dataset , phylogenetic relationships were also inferred using Bayesian inference as implemented in MrBayes v. 3.1.2 [49] .
The best - fitting nucleotide substitution model for each gene ( 16S : GTR + I + G , Cytb : GTR + G , D - loop : HKY + I + G ) was selected based on the Akaike Information Criterion as implemented in Modeltest v. 3.7 [50] using default parameters .
Approximate geographic coordinates were determined using Google Earth .
The pairwise genetic differentiation values were assumed to measure the extent of DNA divergence between populations , and the significance was tested using 1,000 permutations with Arlequin v. 3.11 [51] .
Correlation of geographic and genetic distances was determined using Mantel ’ s permutation test with 10,000 permutations executed by IBDWS v. 3.15 [52] .
Historical population dynamics of the major haplogroups assigned in the median - joining network were examined with mismatch distribution analysis [53] as implemented in Arlequin v. 3.11 .
Tajima ’ s D [55] and Fu ’ s Fs statistics [56] , calculated using Arlequin v. 3.11 , were also used to seek evidence of demographic expansions within individual haplogroups and subhaplogroups .
Divergence times were estimated using a Bayesian MCMC method implemented in beast v. 1.5.3 [57] , which employed a relaxed molecular clock approach [58] .
The dataset was partitioned and each optimal nucleotide substitution model was selected by using the Akaike Information Criterion as implemented in Modeltest v. 3.7 [50] .
The adequacy of using a 50 % burn - in to generate MCMC trees and for convergence of all parameters was assessed visually using Tracer v. 1.4.1 [59] .
Subsequently , the sampling distributions of two independent replicates were combined using the software LogCombiner v. 1.5.2 [54] , and the resulting 100,002 samples were summarized and visualized using TreeAnnotator v. 1.5.2 [54] and Fig Tree v. 1.2 [60] .
All loci were collected as an EXCEL file , and then converted into the computable files using convert [61] .
We used Arlequin v. 3.11 to check if the microsatellite data departed from Hardy - Weinberg expectations .
Tests for linkage disequilibrium were checked by using the GenePop v. 4.0 [62] .
The total number of alleles ( NA ) , allelic richness ( R ) , gene diversity ( GD ) and allele frequencies were calculated in Fstat v. 2.9.3.2 [63] .
The presence of genetic bottlenecks was tested by using the heterozygosity excess method [64] implemented in Bottleneck v. 1.2.02 [65] .
The mode - shift test implemented in Bottleneck [65] was also run .
First , we assessed population structure by using pairwise FST values calculated in Arlequin v. 3.11 and the Bayesian clustering approach implemented in Structure v. 2.3.3 [66] , [67] , [68] .
Because spatially explicit Bayesian clustering methods can be powerful when inferring genetic structure [69] , [70] , particularly at low levels of differentiation [71] , [72] , we used Geneland v. 4.0.3 [72] , [73] , [74] to search for structure in the rhesus macaque .
We also used the maximum likelihood and Bayesian inference [75] , [76] , [77] algorithms in migrate v. 3.3.2 [78] to estimate test the null hypothesis of unbiased , equal rates of migration rates and equal effective population sizes between the two largest haplogroups resolved in the haplotype network .
The raw data from the analysis were analyzed using Coffalyser.NET ( beta version , MRC - Holland , Amsterdam , the Netherlands ) .
Basic preprocessing was performed using SPM 12 ( www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) .
All further preprocessing steps were carried out using Nilearn 0.2.5 [30] in Python 2.7 .
The groups were allowed to analyze the training and test data in any way they deemed fit , but all used a combination of the following methods : ( i ) Visual inspection with dynamic varying of thresholds using a software such as Mricron or FSLView . ( ii ) Voxel - wise correlation of brain maps from the training and the test set , to find the blocks which are most similar to each other . ( iii ) Voxel - wise correlations of brain maps with maps from NeuroSynth [33] , to find the keywords from the NeuroSynth database whose posterior probability maps are most similar to the participant ’ s activity patterns .
In addition to these within - participant correlations , each block was also correlated with 602 posterior probability maps derived from the NeuroSynth database [33] .
From the 3169 maps provided with NeuroSynth 0.3.5 , we first selected the 2000 maps with the most non - zero voxel .
The selected maps were then clustered using K - Means , as implemented in Scikit - learn 0.17 [34] .
To visualize the similarity between the clusters and the relationship of keywords within each cluster , we computed the Euclidean distances between all maps and projected the distances into two dimensions using multi - dimensional scaling ( MDS ; cf . [35] ) as implemented in Scikit - learn .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0204338.g001 ’ Keyword space ’ derived from the NeuroSynth database .
This ’ keyword space ’ was then used for decoding , by correlating our fMRI data with all NeuroSynth maps .
All data processing and statistical analyses were performed with the Statistical Package for Social Science ( SPSS ) software , vers . 18.0 ( SPSS , Chicago , IL , USA ) and SAS vers . 8.2 ( SAS System for Windows , SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) .
The total number of licks , cluster number , cluster duration ( s ) and number of licks per cluster were calculated for each 1 - h session using a custom written MATLAB script ( R 2010a , The MathWorks ™ ) .
The principal component analysis spike sorter ( Tucker Davis Technologies , FL , USA ) was used for online sorting of captured spikes and their storage for offline analysis .
Open sorter ( Tucker Davis Technologies , FL , USA ) was used to further refine the recorded multi - unit activity into individual , well - defined single - unit clusters using k - mean clustering .
The mean waveform shape of each unit was identified using NeuroExplorer ( Nex Technologies , Dallas , TX , USA ) .
In the Poisson surprise method as implemented in NeuroExplorer ( Nex Technologies , AL , USA ) , a burst is detected as a group of three or more spikes with an inter - spike interval ( ISI ) less than half of the average ISI in the whole spike train ( ISI in the burst < the average ISI / 2 ) .
The statistical tests were performed using GraphPad ( GraphPad Software Inc . , La Jolla CA , USA ) , MATLAB ( R 2010a , The MathWorks ™ , Natick , MA ) and NeuroExplorer ( Nex Technologies , AL , USA ) .
Surface receptor expression was identified using a Biosciences LSR II Flow Cytometry Analyzer with BD FACSDiva software ( BD Biosciences , San Jose , CA ) .
Read quality control was implemented using FastQC [8,16] .
Reads were mapped to the Genome Reference Consortium GRCm 38 mouse assembly using Tophat 2 ( v 2.0.8 ) [17] with the Illumina iGenomes package ( mm 10 ; http://support.illumina.com/sequencing/sequencing_software/igenome.html ) .
Reads were combined into transcripts and differential expression was tested using Cufflinks ( v 2.1.1 ) [18] .
The hypergeometric test was implemented in the Database for Annotation , Visualization and Integrated Discovery ( DAVID , http://david.abcc.ncifcrf.gov ) [23,24] .
Gene Ontology ( GO ) results were reported using the DAVID Functional Annotation Tool ( FAT ) classes to facilitate interpretation .
Category enrichment was measured using Expression Analysis Systematic Explorer ( EASE ) scores computed based on a one - tailed jackknifed Fisher exact test [25,26] .
Gene Set Enrichment Analysis was implemented using the GSEA - P software package [29,30] .
This approach offered functional insights complementary to DAVID based on the consideration of the expression profile of all the genes analyzed and annotations to the Molecular Signature Database ( MSigDB ) [31] .
Networks were visualized using the BisoGenet plug - in [27,28,32] within the Cytoscape environment [24,33] .
BisoGenet enabled the visualization of associations between genes detected in the present study using information from the SysBiomics repository .
Data were analysed using SPSS v 20 .
The visual object was a 20 ° diameter circle containing a stationary grating , 0.15 cycles per degree with a half - cosine mask , generated by the PsychoPy package .
The behavioral session was conducted with custom - written software in Python .
Data analysis was performed using custom routines written in Python .
Error bars for single - session behavioral data denote the 95 % confidence - interval [16] implemented in the Python SciPy package .
We used EventIDE ( Okazolab Ltd , London , UK ) for presenting the visual stimuli .
The data recorded from the amplifier was delivered to a Dell laptop equipped with WinEEG v. 2.8 which produced a digital copy of the recorded voltages .
Sixteen - second epochs of eyes - closed data were extracted from each participant and exported into MATLAB software for further filtering and processing .
To insure homogeneity across subjects , data that were collected using a sampling rate of 500 Hz was re - sampled to 250 Hz using the resample.m function within the MATLAB platform .
The data for each subject was then filtered between 1.5 and 40 Hz using the eegfiltfft.m function within the freely available EEGLab toolbox [19] .
These data was then imported into SPSS for further analysis and for the computation of mean absolute potential difference along the rostral - caudal ( Fp 1 - O2 ) axis as well as between the left - right temporal ( T3 and T4 ) sensors .
Spectral analyses from SPSS 16 ( a different algorithm from the one applied in the previous section ) were then applied to each of the two measures for each of the 10 subjects .
Because of a connection between activity within the parahippocampus and naturally - occurring geomagnetic activity established in a previous publication [10] and its prominent role as an integrator of experience before long - term memory processes within the hippocampus , inferences of left and right parahippocampal current source density ( μ A · mm - 2 ) were computed in sLORETA [21] within the classical frequency bands used in more conventional electroencephalographic studies [ i.e. delta ( 1.5 - 4 Hz ) ; theta ( 4 - 7 Hz ) ; low - alpha ( 7 - 10 Hz ) ; high - alpha ( 10 - 13 Hz ) ; beta - 1 ( 13 - 20 Hz ) ; beta - 2 ( 20 - 25 Hz ) ; beta - 3 ( 25 - 30 Hz ) ; gamma ( > 30 Hz ) ] .
Each of the 237 16 - second recordings were entered into sLORETA .
The same epochs of electroencephalographic activity used in the sLORETA analyses were also imported into MapWin software [23] for the computation of microstates and their related parameters ( i.e. duration of microstate , occurrence of microstate class , etc . ) .
These maps are then entered into a k - means clustering algorithm within the MapWin software itself and classes of microstate maps are produced irrespective of polarity .
First , each of the 4 segments were imported into MapWin where a digital filter between 2 - 20 Hz was applied , in accordance for standard procedures described by Koenig et al [25] .
To accomplish this all 4 - second segments ( of each participant ) were re - imported into Mapwin software .
The average 4 - class model computed above was then applied to each of these segments ( N = 237x 4 ) separately and statistics were computed using the Microstate Statistics function which exported each statistic for each epoch into a Microsoft Excel file .
Finally , the raw voltages , spectral densities , inferences of parahippocamapal activity , and microstate parameters were exported into a singular SPSS dataset for further analyses .
UKBB samples were genotyped on the UK Biobank Axiom array at the Affymetrix Research Services Laboratory in Santa Clara , California , USA and imputed to the Haplotype Reference Consortium ( HRC ) panel [54] .
This interim release was imputed to a combined UK 10K and 1000G Phase 3 reference panel and contains several variants which are not currently present in the HRC panel , as such it was used in some of the analyses described .
Genotype calling was performed centrally for all batches at the WSI using GenCall .
We performed SNP QC using PLINK v 1.07 [58] .
SMARTPCA v 10210 [59] was used for principal component analysis ( PCA ) .
For UKHLS , 82 samples were removed after applying a strict European filter and 680 related samples were removed after applying a “ 3rd degree ” kinship filter in KING [60] .
Criteria for excluding samples were as follows : i ) supplied and genetically inferred sex mismatches ; ii ) heterozygosity and missingness outliers according to centrally provided sample QC files ; iii ) samples not used in kinship estimation by UKBB ; iv ) individuals that did not identify as “ white british ” or did not cluster with other “ white british ” in PCA analysis ; v ) samples that withdrew consent and vi ) for each pair of related individuals ( KING kinship estimate > 0.0442 ) , we randomly selected an individual preferentially keeping cases if one related individual is a control .
Imputation and genome wide association analyses : SCOOP , STILTS and UKHLS single - variant association analysis : Genotypes from SCOOP , STILTS and UKHLS controls were phased together with SHAPEITv 2 [61] , and subsequently imputed with IMPUTE 2 [62,63] to the merged UK 10K and 1000G Phase 3 reference panel [64] , containing ~ 91.3 million autosomal and chromosome X sites , from 6,285 samples .
Analyses of 1,456 SCOOP , 1,471 STILTS and 6,460 controls ( BMI range 19 - 30 ) of European ancestry were based on the frequentist association test , using the EM algorithm , as implemented in SNPTEST v 2.5 [65] , under an additive model and adjusting for six PCs and sex as covariates .
UKBB BMI dataset single - variant association analysis : For the BMI dataset , we used BOLT - LMM [66] to perform an association analysis with BMI using sex , age , 10 PCs and UKBB genotyping array as covariates .
Variance explained was calculated using the rms package [71] v 4.5.0 in R [72] and Nagelkerke ’ s R 2 is reported .
Power calculations were performed using Quanto [73] .
To calculate ORs and SE from the ALSPAC BMI summary statistics we used genotype counts from SNPTEST output .
Simulations under an additive model : We created 10,000 simulations of 1 million individuals for the 97 GIANT BMI loci randomly sampling alleles based on the allele frequency from the sex - combined European dataset reported in Locke et al . [24] using an R script .
For each simulated genotype , we simulated phenotypes with DISSECT [74] using the effect size in GIANT and then removed all samples from the lower tail where the phenotype was < 3SDs to better reproduce the actual BMI distribution .
The R package GTX ( https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/gtx/index.html ) was used to transpose genotype probabilities into dosages , and a combined dosage score , weighted by the effect size from GIANT , for 97 BMI SNPs [24] was calculated and standardised .
We checked whether there was an ordinal relationship between the genetic risk score and BMI category ( i.e. thin , normal , or obese ) using ordinal logistic regression with the clm function in the ordinal R package .
To identify distinct loci , we performed clumping as implemented in PLINK [58] using summary statistics from the association tests and LD information from the imputed data , clumping variants 250kb away from an index variant and with an r 2 > 0.1 .
In order to further identify a set of likely independent signals we performed conditional analysis of the lead SNPs in SNPTEST to take into account long - range LD .
We tested 1,208,692 SNPs for association under an additive model in SNPTEST using sex , age , 10 PCs and UKBB genotyping array as covariates .
For obese vs . thin and obese vs . controls comparisons we used fixed - effects meta - analysis correcting for unknown sample overlap in replication cohorts using METACARPA [75] .
For thin vs . controls we used a fixed - effects meta - analysis in METAL [76] .
Heterogeneity was assessed using Cochran ’ s Q - test heterogeneity p - value in METAL .
Statistical analysis was performed using JMP ( JMP 7.0 , SAS Institute Inc . , NC , USA ) .
Statistical analysis was performed employing the commercial software packages SAS 9.3 ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , North Carolina , USA ) and Statistical Package for the Social Sciences , Version 19.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
All analyses were performed using Statview software ( SAS , Cary , NC ) , with significance accepted at P ≤ 0.05 .
The STATA software ( Version 11.0 ; Stata Corp , College Station , TX , USA ) was used for the statistical analyses .
All analyses were done with the SPSS 19.0 software ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) .
Models were fitted using the R package bnlearn [32] .
The trust game was administered online using dedicated software TGAME , which allows controlling the behavior of one the players by replacing it with a computer strategy .
Next , we then searched for all SNPs with minor allele frequencies ( MAF ) ≥ 0.01 between 20 kb upstream and 20 kb downstream of IL - 8 in the HapMap HCB database using Haploview [41] , which identified 9 SNPs ( rs 12506479 , rs 10805066 , rs 10031141 , rs 46946336 , rs 11730667 , rs 1951242 , rs 11730284 , rs 10938095 and rs 2886920 ) .
Polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) primers and locus - specific extension primers were designed using MassARRAY Assay Design software package ( v. 3.1 ) .
Mass determination was performed with a MALDI - TOF mass spectrometer , and MassARRAY Typer 4.0 software was employed for data acquisition .
Statistical analysis and power analysis : Hardy - Weinberg equilibrium ( HWE ) for each SNP was assessed using GENEPOP v 4.0 .
Allelic and genotypic association tests were performed using CLUMP v 2.4 with 10,000 simulations , and this program employed an empirical Monte Carlo test of significance through simulation .
To control for possible confounding effects , age and gender were used as independent variables in a multiple logistic regression analysis for adjustment by commercially available software ( Statistical Package for Social Sciences , version 16.0 for windows , SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
The D ′ values for each pair of markers were calculated using the software program 2LD [42] .
Haplotype frequencies were estimated using GENECOUNTING v 2.2 , which computes maximum - likelihood estimates of haplotype frequencies from unknown phase data using an expectation - maximization algorithm [43] .
Furthermore , we performed power calculations for case - control genetic association analyses using PGA v 2.0 [45] .
Maps were created in ArcGIS 9.3 ( ESRI , Inc . ) and Photofiltre 6.5.1 .
Statistical analysis and figures were completed in R version 2.15.3 [10] .
We used EstimateS v 8.2.0 [11] to generate a presence - absence accumulation function of subtypes and calculated the nonparametric estimate of subtype richness with 95 % confidence intervals using the Chao 2 estimate and 50 randomizations with replacement [6] .
We used linear mixed models ( R library lme 4 , function lmer ) to examine the effects of interactions and to estimate the variance of subtype richness associated with region and selected the best model based on Bayesian Information Criterion ( Supplementary Table 3 ) .
( 2 ) The ultrasound data acquisition system was developed based on a commercial ultrasound scanner SonixRP ( Ultrasonix Medical Corp . Vancouver , Canada ) with a 5 - 14 MHz linear array probe ( driven by the central frequency 9.5 MHz ) , and its software developing kits applicable to Visual C + + ( Microsoft Corporation , USA ) .
All radio - frequency signals were processed off - line using a custom - developed program of Matlab ( Version R 2008 , MathWorks , Inc . , MA , USA ) .
All the data were analyzed using SPSS Statistics ( SPSS Inc . Chicago , IL , USA ) .
Low , high or unclear risk of bias for each item was determined according to the pre - specified criteria ( S2 Table ) and the graph of summary of risk of bias was developed with Revman 5.1 .
We conducted all the data analyses using R ( Version 3.1.2 , The R Foundation for Statistical Computing ) .
A map for the distribution of S . aureus was drawn through MapInfo Professional 11.0 according to the subgroup analysis by provinces .
All analyses were performed using “ Statview 4.5 ” statistic software ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , USA ) .
Data were extracted on paper files and then entered in an electronic database by data clerks and coded collected data were kept in an Excel database .
The data analysis was done using Stata version 11 ( College Station , TX : StataCorp LP . ) .
Changes in other biological parameters were examined using one - way ANOVA with PASW Statistics ver. 17 ( SPSS , Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
B . ( trial statistician ) using Stata / SE 13.1 .
The within - trial economic analysis ( conducted by T . H . S . using Stata / SE 14.1 ) compared the costs and QALYs in the standard care and intervention groups from the perspective of the NHS .
Data were analyzed with BrainVoyager QX ( Brain Innovation ) software .
The neurons were counted from these images manually using LAS AF software 4.3 .
Overall quantitative evaluation of neurons ( ChAT / nNOS ) : Neuron counting was performed manually on images taken under 20X magnification using Leica Application Suite Advanced Fluorescence Version 4.3 .
All recordings were acquired using Scan 4.3 ( Compumedics Neuroscan ) and stored for off - line treatment .
Eye blinks were identified by a threshold criterion of ± 100 μ V , and their contribution was removed from each dataset using principal component analysis by singular value decomposition and spatial filter transform using Scan 4.3 ( Compumedics Neuroscan ) .
All behavioral statistical analyses were performed in R .
The EEG signal processing was implemented in MATLAB using in - house scripts ( LAN toolbox , available online at http://lantoolbox.wikispaces.com/ , e.g. [26] ) .
For the source estimation and head model , we used the BrainStorm [27] and openMEEG toolboxes [28] .
An a - priori sensitivity power analysis ( G * Power 3 software ; [21] revealed that our final sample size ( four equal - size groups of 11 participants ) is large enough to detect a within - between interaction corresponding to an effect size as small as η p2 = .1 with a statistical power of ( 1 - β ) = .95 ( given α = .05 ) .
SMI software ( Experiment Center ™ and iView X ™ ) were used to collect and record calibration , present the stimuli , and record gaze data .
A fixation was defined by the BeGaze software as a stable gaze ( within 0.8 visual degrees ) for at least 60 ms .
Data pre - processing : Sequencing adapters were removed from the FASTQ files with cutadapt [24] and sickle [25] .
GATK best practices were followed for the next steps of data pre - processing and variant calling [26] .
Alignment to the GRCh 37 human reference genome was performed using BWA - MEM [27] with default parameters .
Conversion of SAM to BAM files was done with SAMtools [28] .
Sorting of BAM files , marking of duplicate reads due to PCR amplification and addition of read group information were done using Picard ( https://github.com/broadinstitute/picard ) tools with default parameters .
Base quality score recalibration and local realignment for INDELs was performed using GATK version 3.2 .
Coverage : Mean depth of coverage and target coverage of exons were calculated from the BAM files using the depth of coverage tool from GATK .
Variant calling : The GATK haplotype caller ( version 3.2 ) was chosen to perform multiple sample variant calling and genotyping with default parameters .
Sample QC : Samples were excluded from the analysis based on the following criteria : 1 ) Samples with a mean depth < 30x or < 70 % of exon targets covered at < 20x were excluded from further analysis ; 2 ) samples with > 3 standard deviations from mean in number of alternate alleles , number of heterozygotes , transition / transversion ratio , number of singletons and call rate as calculated with the PLINK / SEQ i - stats tool ( https://atgu.mgh.harvard.edu/plinkseq/ ) ; 3 ) call rate < 97 % ; 4 ) ethnically unmatched samples as identified by multi - dimensional scaling analysis with PLINK version 1.9 [29] ; 5 ) PI _ HAT score > 0.25 as calculated by PLINK version 1.9 to exclude related individuals .
Genotypes with a read depth of < 10 and GQ of < 20 were converted to missing by using BCFtools [28] .
Multi - allelic variants were decomposed using variant - tests [30] and left - normalized using BCFtools [28] .
Variant annotation : Variants were annotated with ANNOVAR [31] version 2015 , Mar 22 using RefSeq and Ensembl versions 20150322 and the dbNSFP [32] version 2.6 annotations including nine scores for missense mutations ( SIFT , PolyPhen 2 HDIV , PolyPhen 2 HVAR , LRT , MutationTaster , MutationAssessor , FATHMM , MetaSVM , MetaLR ) , the CADD score , and three conservation - based scores from GERP + + , PhyloP and SiPhy .
CNV detection : In the remaining high quality samples , CNVs were detected by using XHMM as described in [35] .
CNV calls were annotated using bedtools version 2.5 [36] .
CNV filtering : The detected deletions were filtered based on the following criteria : 1 ) Z score < - 3 , given by XHMM ; 2 ) Q _ SOME score ≥ 60 , given by XHMM .
Burden analysis of large and rare deletions : Excess deletion rate of the large deletions ( length > 400 kb ) in subjects with epilepsy compared to the controls was measured as described in [13] using PLINK version 1.9 [29] .
The CNVs that are unique for cases ( not present in any of the in - house controls ) and occur at a low frequency , i.e. , present in ≤ 2 independent cases , while having a frequency of ≤ 1 % in the CNVmap , the DGV gold standard dataset [37] and 1000 genomes SV [38] were selected and subjected to further analysis as described below .
Genes that were expressed in brain [42] and located within deletion boundaries were used as input for an enrichment analysis using the Ingenuity Pathway Analyser ( IPA ™ ) [43] .
The R GeneOverlap package ( https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/GeneOverlap.html ) was used to compute the p - value .
Data was entered and analyzed using SPSS 21.0 .
Retained sequences were then grouped into clusters of 100 % identity and also into clusters of 97 % or greater identity , using the “ PyroTagger ” pipeline [13] .
These were classified into major taxonomic lineages using blastn against greengenes ( greengenes.lbl .gov / ) for prokaryotic sequences and against silva ( www.arb-silva.de/ ) for eukaryotic sequences .
The top blastn hits against the GenBank nucleotide database were determined for representative sequences of each of these 11 OTUs .
To determine the sources of small clusters other than these 11 , we used representative sequences from every bacterial cluster containing more than 3 sequences as queries in blastn searches against GenBank .
For richness and evenness estimates , EstimateS [14] was used .
In a second analysis , OTUs were defined as the 10 clusters corresponding to diagnostic blastn hits ( above ) and containing 99.98 % of the sequences .
Standardization was carried out by randomly selecting 948 reads ( the smallest sample size ) per individual using Perl .
For all community multivariate analyses , PCORD ( version 4.25 ) was used [19] .
We checked returned sequences using the RDP Classifier v 2.2 [25] , and discarded a single sequence from the Snodgrassella set not matching Betaproteobacteria .
The remaining sequences were curated using Geneious , version 5.5 [26] .
Sequences were checked for chimeras using the Greengenes Bellerpheron tool ( greengenes.lbl .gov / ) , resulting in elimination of three additional sequences from the Snodgrassella set .
Remaining sequences were aligned for each set separately , using MUSCLE within Geneious with a maximum of 8 iterations .
Duplicate sequences were removed , and one of each was used for the alignment ( see Table 1 ) All of the nearly full - length sequences were aligned along with representative sequences from bacteria from other studies of A . mellifera and of related host taxa ( e.g. Bombus spp . ) , and divergent sequences were used as queries in blastn searches of GenBank nucleotide data [27] to ensure that they had a strong match to the respective relevant phylotype .
Blastn searches and neighbor - joining trees for the Gilliamella phylotype showed that a subset of sequences was derived from the related Gamma 2 phylotype ; these were excluded from analyses of strain variation .
Alignments were edited and parsimony uninformative sites removed using MEGA [28] .
Strain variation was assessed using DNAsp package [29] to estimate average pairwise sequence divergence , minimum number of recombination events , and polymorphisms restricted to a single locality or shared between localities .
In the case of Snodgrassella , a Neighbor - Joining tree was built using a Tamura - Nei distance model , within MEGA [28] .
Blastn of these Gamma 4 sequences reveals similarity ( ≤ 96 % ) to members of the family Enterobacteriaceae .
Partition tree analysis was completed using R package “ rpart ” : function “ rpart . ” Examining absolute cerclage height does not take account of the range of CLs in the cohort , such that poorer outcomes in women with sutures placed < 10 mm from the external os may merely reflect the presence of an already shorter cervix , and thus an increased risk of preterm delivery due to reduced initial total CL .
Statistical analysis was carried out using STATA v 11 ( Texas , USA ) unless otherwise stated .
Data were entered in double by two data clerks using Epidata [49] .
WHO 2006 growth standards were used to calculate WHZ and HAZ using the ZSCORE 06 Stata command [51] .
For this purpose , we fitted Poisson regression models with cluster pair and child as random effects using the Stata GLLAMM .
All statistical analyses were conducted using Stata 12.0 ( Statacorp , College Station , TX ) .
All statistic analyses were performed using SPSS ( version 21.0 ) .
Blastp was used to determine the closest relatives to the transposase genes detected in Fervidobacterium genomes .
Sequence alignments were performed by ClustalW [22] .
Phylogenetic trees based on the amino acid sequences encoded by the detected genes were constructed using MEGA [23] by the Neighbor - joining method with a bootstrap value of 1000 .
NMDS plots were constructed using R with the Vegan Package [25] .
All core areas were calculated using the R software platform ( v. 3.1.2 [103] ) and the adaptive mode version of T - LoCoH [101] .
In this setting , the T - LoCoH adaptive mode parameter a , is an upper bound on the sum of distances from each point to neighbors progressively further from it , thereby resulting in variation in the number of neighbors n used in the construction of each hull ( viz : points in dense clusters have a larger n than points that are more isolated from their neighbors ) .
Core area overlaps were computed using T - LoCoH .
To evaluate if any observed changes in core areas affected the probability of encounter , we ran a Monte Carlo simulation using T - LoCoH .
We ran permutation tests on the compiled version of SOCPROG 2.5 for each seasonal dataset , taking the coefficient of variation of the association index as our test statistic [73,109] .
We used SOCPROG 2.5 to construct weighted non - directional networks for each season .
The version of the coefficient implemented in SOCPROG 2.5 is based on the matrix definition for weighted networks by Holme et al . [113] , where the clustering coefficient of individual i is given by : Cw ( i ) = ( Σ jkwijwjkwki ) / ( maxij ( wij ) Σ jkwijwki ) , Where wij , wjk and wki are the values of the association indices between individual i and all its pairs of associated jk , while maxij ( wij ) is the maximum value of the association index of i with any individual j .
A distribution of averages was then used to derive 95 % confidence intervals using the first - order normal approximation as implemented in the boot package for R [114] .
Randomization Software EASY RA 1 Easy Randomizer Version 4.1 , State University of Michigan , USA was used and Njiru was randomly designated as the intervention division and Makadara as the control area .
PowerPoint presentations contained simplified text and selected photographs of common ( HIV - related ) oral lesions ( pseudo membranous candidiasis , erythematous candidiasis , angular cheilitis , oral hairy leukoplakia , necrotizing ulcerative gingivitis , Kaposi ’ s sarcoma , parotid enlargement , herpes zoster , dental caries , periodontitis , dental fluorosis ) [1] , [3] , [11] to enhance healthcare provider ability to recognize these lesions .
In the first three months after the training , PHWs were visited and reminded to review patients with questionable lesions and use PowerPoint presentations containing photographs of HROLs to update their knowledge .
Data were checked for completeness and consistency before entry into Excel files .
Data analyses were conducted , using SAS software ( version 9.2 , SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) by JM ( biostatistician at Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre ) .
HPLC - FD was performed using a Dionex Summit System ( Dionex , Sunnyvale , CA ) equipped with a 680 HPLC pump , a TCC 100 column oven , a UV 170U detector and an UltiMate 3000 fluorescence detector connected in series and a Chromeleon software version 6.8 SR 10 .
The IBM SPSS Statistics version 24 was utilized for the statistical analysis .
Data were analysed using IBM SPSS Statistics 21 and IBM SPSS Amos 21 for Windows ( IBM Corp . , Armonk , NY ) .
In pre - specified analyses we used SPSS version 19 to fit multi - level logistic , linear and negative binomial regression models to , respectively , binary , measurement and count data available at one month on referrals to falls services , the hierarchy of ‘ harms ’ in Figure 2 , and related outcomes , adjusting for statistically significant confounders , but not for multiple testing .
All statistical analyses were conducted using Stata 12.1 ( StataCorp LP , College Station , Texas , USA ) .
Two separate multiple regression models were used to evaluate the relationships between TL in 2013 and 1 ) “ change in number of surviving offspring ( 2000 - 2013 ) ” , maternal age at first birth and average inter - birth interval , as well as 2 ) “ total number of surviving offspring ” , maternal age at first birth and average inter - birth interval using JMP ( version 12 ; SAS Institute ) .
Specifically , we used 3D Fast Fourier Transform ( FFT ) , as implemented by the function ‘ fftn ’ in MATLAB , to convert the intact movie into the frequency domain , in which the phase was randomly shuffled while the magnitude remained unchanged ; then inverse FFT was applied to the phase - shuffled data to generate a scrambled version of the original movie .
The visual input was presented using the MATLAB - based Psychophysics Toolbox [15,16] , and they were delivered to the subjects through a binocular goggle system ( NordicNeuroLab , Norway ) mounted on the head coil .
The eye - camera data were transmitted to an eye - tracking system ( ViewPoint , Arrington Research , USA ) , which captured the eye movement and tracked the subject ’ s gaze location at 30 Hz during the stimulation session .
MRI and fMRI data were preprocessed by using FSL [17] and AFNI [18] .
Instead , we used a non - parametric resampling based statistical inference as implemented in ISC - toolbox ( www.nitrc.org/projects/isc-toolbox/ ) and described in details elsewhere [20] .
The saccadic amplitude signal was further demeaned , and was convolved with the canonical hemodynamic response function ( HRF ) , as implemented in SPM ( www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/ ) .
The binary events were further weighted by the estimated motion between two consecutive movie frames at the transition time based on a block - matching algorithm implemented as a built - in function ( vision.BlockMatcher ) in MATLAB ( the block size = 9 ) [23] .
All analyses were conducted using STATA 11.0 ( StataCorp , College Station TX , USA ) .
Choroidal segmentation and thickness analyses were performed automatically with custom MATLAB ( MATLAB 2017b , The MathWorks , Inc . , Natick , MA , USA ) software for choroid segmentation [21] .
This map of three averaged measurements was used for the choroidal thickness analysis and was further sectioned into the nine ETDRS fields within MATLAB .
Statistical analysis in MATLAB consisted of the Kruskal - Wallis test , which represents the nonparametric version of the one - way ANOVA .
Vitreous chamber depth was calculated in Excel ( Microsoft Excel 2013 , Microsoft Corporation , Redmond , WA , USA ) by subtracting the corneal thickness , anterior chamber depth and lens thickness from the axial length .
Data were imported into EEGLAB [47] , offline referenced to linked mastoids , filtered between 1 and 40 Hz and down - sampled to 256 Hz .
Epochs with large potential fluctuations were removed using EEGLAB ' s pop _ autorej procedure ( starting probability was set at 5 SD and the maximum % of epochs to reject per iteration was set at 5 ) .
Time - frequency analysis using the time - frequency analysis function from within EEGLAB [47] was applied to the data at logarithmically spaced frequencies from 3 to 40 Hz .
Hierarchical Bayesian parameter estimation using Monte - Carlo Markov Chain was performed using Stan [50] .
Bayesian linear mixed effects modelling using custom code calling Stan was used to regress theta power as a function of PE .
All analyses were performed using SAS SURVEY procedures available in SAS version 9.04 software .
Statistical analyses of the quantitative data ( S1 Dataset ) associated with the CCTST were performed through a statistical software package , SPSS 19 .
Having established consistency between digital images and clinical assessment , an iPhone application ( app ) was developed , entitled ReMIT Client .
The ReMIT Client app was designed to be used by medical professionals without specialist training .
The ReMIT project is built around the dcm4che collection of open source applications , in particular its DICOM Image Manager / Image Archive server , dcm4chee .
The dcm4chee server coupled with the image processing application OsiriX , implements a picture archiving and communications system ( PACS ) .
The client iPhone application ( ReMITclient ) is integrated with the PACS through the use of a web - based interface .
The workflow between the ReMIT Client app , the web - based interface and the PACS server is shown in Figure 2 .
Figure identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0078786.g002 Workflow in the ReMIT system .
In the ReMIT project we created a DICOM study and series for each patient .
If the transfer is not successful , usually due to network problems or by the user cancelling the transfer , the sequence is not updated and this information is reported back to the ReMIT Client , so that the user knows that they need to transfer the image again .
The consultant ’ s review workstation is a Macintosh computer running the medical imaging software OsiriX .
Using the extensible architecture of OsiriX we developed a plugin ( called REMIT ) to enable the consultant access uploaded images from a PACS server .
The software is written as a native plugin in Objective - C and is integrated within the mixed C / C + + / Objective - C environs of OsiriX .
This was performed using the specifically created iPhone ( Apple ) application , ReMIT .
The presentation of pictures was synchronized with the monitor ' s refresh rate and presented with the software Presentation ( Neurobehavioural systems , www.neurobs.com ) .
The seed regions consisted of the right and left amygdala , and were delineated with the guidance of the WFU - pick atlas , and after adaptation to the gray matter template of our own population .
Spatial preprocessing and statistical analysis of functional images were performed using SPM 8 ( Welcome Department of Cognitive Neurology ) .
This was done by adding six movement regressors obtained from rigid - body head motion correction ( SPM 8 statistical package ) .
Individual time series in each seed region were extracted with MarsBar toolbox ( http://marsbar.sourceforge.net/ ) .
Group comparisons between stressed subjects and healthy controls were carried out in SPM 8 using one - way ANOVA , with p < .001 voxel threshold , FWE corrected at cluster level , p < .05 , and controlling for age and gender , which were used as nuisance covariates .
Functional MRI data were pre - processed and analyzed using Statistical Parametric Mapping SPM 8 ( Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology , London ) software implemented in MATLAB 7.8 ( Mathworks Inc . , Sherbom , MA ) .
This peak value was selected , unless identified outside of the brain structure of interest upon visual inspection of the individual normalized anatomical T1 image and verification of localization in SPM toolbox Anatomy atlas [51] , in which case the maximum value that fitted the anatomical location was selected .
To quantify the evidence in support of the null hypothesis in these two comparisons , we computed the corresponding Bayes factors ( using JASP 0.7.5.6 ; www.jasp-stats.org ) .
The Species Distribution Modeling ( hereafter SDM ) for jaguar occurrence in Caatinga biome was generated by the maximum entropy algorithm , as implemented in Maxent software 3.3.3e [31] [32] .
Then , we used the percent volume contour ( i.e. , raster layer representing a probability density distribution ) from Kernel tools in Hawth ' s analysis tools for ArcGis [46] to delimit these areas , which we named as Priority Jaguar Conservation Units ( PJCUs ) ( i.e. , continuous areas of high suitability for jaguar occurrence ) .
Following the procedures proposed by Rabinowitz and Zeller [19] , we used the Cost - Distance function ( Spatial Analyst , ArcGis 9.3 ) to delineate movement cost grids for each PJCU .
After , we used the cost - distance grids as inputs for the Corridor function in Spatial Analyst for all proximate pairs of PJCUs , resulting in least - cost corridors among each pair .
We used the LiDAR Analyst 5.0 extension [50] of ArcGIS 10.1 [51] to identify biophysical attributes of trees in the study area that are relevant to the estimation of biomass .
To assess tree - extraction accuracy , we collected tree attribute measurements from the orthophotograph mentioned above , then selected 50 trees distributed evenly across the study area , and measured their crown width using ArcGIS 10.1 .
We fitted a linear regression model using the resulting dataset and calculated root mean squared error ( RMSE ) using our measured values and the LiDAR Analyst results to determine the accuracy of the LiDAR metric in predicting tree attributes .
We used Aninhado [3] to analyse the existence of nestedness patterns ( nestedness as NODF estimator ) , generating 1000 replicates for each saproxylic sub - network with a CE null model .
To study modularity we used ‘ netcarto ’ [5] and Pajek [42] .
We also used ‘ netcarto ’ to heuristically describe the differences on the composition and interrelations among modules along 25 randomisations maximizing modularity ( subjective benchmark ) .
We used ‘ R - bipartite ’ [48] to quantitatively assess interacting and distributional patterns between trophic levels of each sub - network and the set of tree hollows assessed .
We used Particle tracking from the Metamorph software to track individual cell trajectories .
The signal intensity was evaluated using Quantity One software ( Bio - Rad ) .
All statistical analyses were performed in Stata 13 .
Small - for - gestational age was defined as an infant being below the 10th weight centile for gestational age as determined by the INTERGROWTH - 21st Newborn Size Application Tool using standards derived from births in eight ethnically distinct countries ( http://intergrowth21.ndog.ox.ac.uk/ ) .
Alignment and editing of the sequences were performed with the BioEdit software .
The generation of the phylogenetic tree was performed using MEGA software [38] .
The interval confidence of apparent prevalences were calculated with the “ EpiR ” package , the graphics were performed with the “ ggplot 2 ” package and the GAMs were implemented in the “ mgcv ” statistical package , all from the R statistical software [43] .
The spatial data representation and mapping was made with the software QGIS 2.14 Essen [44] .
Individual - level covariates are based on administrative records , ICD - 9 diagnosis and procedure codes , and Clinical Classifications Software ( CCS ) codes , developed by HCUP for use with ICD - 9 codes .
Covariates include maternal age , race / ethnicity , and insurance status ( primary payer : private insurance , Medicare , Medicaid , self - pay / uninsured , or other ) , and maternal and infant medical conditions , including diagnoses of the following complications of pregnancy , labor , and delivery : diabetes in pregnancy ( both diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes ; ICD - 9 codes 6488XX , 250XX ) , hypertension in pregnancy ( including pre - eclampsia and eclampsia ; ICD - 9 codes 6420X , 6421X , 6422X , 6423X , 6424X , 6425X , 6426X , 6424 , 6425 , 6426 , 6426XX ) , hemorrhage during pregnancy or placental complications ( including placenta previa and placenta accreta ; CCS code 182 ) , fetal disproportion or obstruction of labor ( CCS code 188 ) , and fetal distress ( CCS code 190 ) .
Data management tasks were conducted using SAS version 9.2 .
We used Markov chain Monte Carlo methods to fit Bayesian analytic models , where distributions for the model parameters were first estimated with predictive quasi - likelihood approximation with a second - order Taylor linearization procedure as implemented in MLwiN version 2.1 [35] .
The following variables were examined using Poisson regression with robust variance estimation to account for clustering of cats within shelters ( Stata 13.1 / IC , StataCorp LP , College Station , Texas ) for possible associations with monthly URI rates between shelters : double compartment housing ( no / yes ) , intake housing floor space ( 3 - 6 ft 2 , 6 - 8 ft 2 , > 8 - 10ft 2 { .28 - .56m 2 , .56 - .74m 2 , > .74 - .93m 2 } ) , hiding space provided in intake housing ( no , sometimes , always ) , mixed - age housing ( no , yes ) , frequency of cat moves in and out of the cage in the first week ( ≤ 2 moves , > 2 moves ) , use of intranasal vaccine ( no , yes ) and monthly shelter intake ( natural log transformation ) .
Meta - analyses were carried out using Comprehensive Meta - Analysis ( V 2.0 , Biostat , Englewood , NJ , USA ) .
For the purposes of analysis and for aspects of our experimental design , rectangular areas - of - interest ( AOIs ) were manually drawn prior to the experiment for each face around the right and left eyes , bridge of nose ( i.e. middle of eye region ) , right and left half of nose , and right and left half of mouth ( Fig 1B , for example ) using EyeLink Data Viewer software .
The experiment was programmed in Python and interfaced with the eye - tracker .
Fixation and AOI data were obtained through EyeLink Data Viewer software by SR Research .
Subsequent analyses on these data and behavioral data from the test phase were performed with custom Matlab ( The MathWorks , Inc . , Natick , MA , USA ) code .
ANOVAs were performed in SPSS ( IBM , Somers , NY ) .
Our analysis is an alternative to a another approach , which has been implemented by Caldara and colleagues in a free Matlab toolbox called iMap [42] .
The AFNI ( http://afni.nimh.nih.gov ) function 3dFDR was applied to each of the statistical maps .
Because approximately half of the pixels in the statistical maps did not correspond to face stimulus pixels and because our aim was to detect fixation differences over internal facial features , the same non - face region mask was applied to all statistical maps before FDR correction so that those pixels would be ignored in the 3dFDR algorithm .
Statistical analyses were performed with the SAS software package , version 9.2 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) , and Stata / SE software , Version 12.1 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX , USA ) .
Absolute differences and relative risks were estimated with the GENMOD procedure in SAS version 9 ∙ 3 ( SAS Institute , Cary , N.C . ) The absolute and relative effect of the CCP was estimated for each of the four baseline treatment status groups .
A dynamic , stochastic , agent - based model , written in NetLogo , was used to simulate the growth and mortality of a snail population , and infection by S . mansoni .
All analyses were carried out using Stata version 11 ( Stata Corp . LP , College Station , TX , United States of America ) .
Potential trade - offs were identified using radar plots in R ( version 3.2.2 [30] ) and the fmsb package [31] .
The reservoir neuron properties and synaptic connectivities were set almost identically to the network described in [63] , and our simulation code incorporated MATLAB code from that work .
The vocalization synthesis relied on the articulatory synthesizer developed by Boersma and available in Praat [ 61 , 66 ] .
Praat version 5.3.32 for PC was used for all the simulations .
Although Praat does have a child vocal tract model , it does not have a built - in infant model .
We also listened ourselves to the sounds produced by the model , to verify with our own ears what the vocalizations sounded like and how they compared to infants ’ syllabic and non - syllabic vocalizations ( links to sound examples that the reader can download are given in the Results section , and examples of human infant vocalizations classified as canonical , i.e. syllabic , vs . non - canonical are available at www.babyvoc.org through the IVICT tool ) .
To provide an additional metric of the syllabicity of the sounds , as well as a metric that was independent of the development of the computational model , we utilized a Praat script for automatically identifying syllable nuclei in adult speech , developed by de Jong and Wempe [ 74 , 75 ] .
ECG and acceleration data were processed using a program developed on Igor Pro for this purpose ( Wavemetrics , USA ) .
All analyses were performed with Stata statistical software , version 11.2 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX ) .
Cells were acquired using a FACSCalibur ( BD Biosciences ) and analysed using FlowJo Software .
Significant differences were determined using the Mann - Whitney non - parametric two - tailed test using GraphPad Prism Version 5 .
The movements of the worms are imaged using a standard stereomicroscope with video capture and laser control software written in LabVIEW .
The recorded response videos were then processed with Matlab to calculate the time series of the worm centroid motion as described previously [29] .
All of this analysis was implemented using Matlab , and the code is available for download from a public GitHub repository https://github.com/EmoryUniversityTheoreticalBiophysics/C.-elegans .
This gives : formtok Σ a = ∑ iNtype , avi - uafI 1 , I2 ( Ii ) 2 . ( 17 ) Having thus estimated ua and Σ a at fixed parameter values I1 , I2 , we maximize ∏ i P ( vi | a , Ii ) over the parameters using standard optimization algorithms provided by MATLAB .
In silico Analysis of sc - srp - 6 : The sc - srp - 6 full - length cDNA was used in a BLAST search query ( http://ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/blast ) , and sequence alignments were created with the ClustalW program ( http://www.ebi.ac.uk/clustalw ) .
Protein motifs were predicted using SMART ( http://smart.emblheidelberg.de ) , and SignalP 3.0 was used to identify the signal peptide ( http://www.cbs.dtu.dk/services/SignalP ) .
For phylogenetic reconstruction , sequences were aligned with Muscle ( www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/msa/muscle/ ) .
A phylogenetic tree was reconstructed with maximum likelihood using the PhyML program ( www.atgc-montpellier.fr/phyml/ ) , and robustness was assessed by the bootstrap method ( 100 pseudoreplicates ) .
A 3D structure prediction was obtained using the I - TASSER online platform ( http://zhanglab.ccmb.med.umich.edu/I-TASSER ) .
Statistical analysis was performed using a one - way ANOVA followed by Bonferroni multiple comparison tests ( Statistical Package for the Social Sciences software , SPSS version 13.0 ) .
Protein identification was performed using the MASCOT program ( www.matrixscience.com ) to search the UniProtKB database ( downloaded on 10 / 06 / 2012 ) .
CD experiments were performed on a DSM - 20 CD spectrophotopolarimeter ( OLIS ) controlled by GlobalWorks software using protein concentrations ranging from 0.15 to 0.35 mg / ml .
Several softwares and R packages are available for Rasch model analysis such as ConQuest ( https://shop.acer.edu.au/group/CON3 ) , RUMM ( www.rummlab.com.au ) , ltm ( cran.r-project.org/package=ltm ) and eRM ( cran.r-project.org/package=eRm ) .
Considering its flexibility and ease of integration to a pipeline of analysis , we choose to use the eRM R package .
The following short R script provides the functions used to obtain the multi - marker Rasch genetic score for each subject of a dataset of interest , where ‘ Geno ’ is a data matrix of genoptypes coded by 0 , 1 and 2 , with subjects in rows and markers in columns : formtok = PCM ( Geno ) > score = person.parameter ( rasch.model ) $ theta.table [ , 1 ] If ‘ Trait ’ is a binary trait disease coded by 1 for cases and 0 for controls , the association of the multi - marker Rasch genetic score to the disease can then simply be assessed with a logistic model : > glm ( Trait ∼ score , family = “ binomial ” ) If ‘ Trait ’ is a quantitative trait , the association of the multi - marker Rasch genetic score to the disease can then simply be assessed with a linear model : > lm ( Trait ∼ score ) The performances of our Rasch - based multi - marker genetic association test are first evaluated in term of false - positive rate and power based on simulations over three scenarios of dependence between SNPs and varying levels of association .
The dataset was also reduced with a minimal loss of information by pruning with Plink ( window size = 50 SNPs , shift = of 5 SNPs at each step and threshold correlation coefficient of 0.2 ) [36] .
Protein - protein interaction data and functional findings were extracted from QIAGEN ’ s Ingenuity Pathway Analysis ( IPA , QIAGEN Redwood City , www.qiagen.com/ingenuity ) , manually analysed and supplemented by literature curation .
All HRQOL responses were transferred to an excel - based database and all measures were scored according to each measures instructions .
EQ - 5D - 5L utility scores were calculation based on valuation algorithms for the UK and Zimbabwe , applying the EQ - 5D calculator [40] .
Data management and analysis were performed using Stata 10.0 .
Initial voices were created from an average of 32 male ( mean : 109.99 Hz , SD : 3.18 Hz , range : 86 - 152 Hz ) and 32 female voices ( mean : 210.81 Hz , SD : 20.67 Hz , range : 143 - 285 Hz ) , separately , using STRAIGHT [36] .
Next , we manipulated voice pitch using the Pitch - Synchronous Overlap Add ( PSOLA ) algorithm [38] in Praat acoustic phonetics software [39] .
Praat ' s pitch parameters were set at a minimum 50 Hz and maximum 300 Hz for men ' s voices , and a minimum 100 Hz and maximum 600 Hz for women ' s voices .
Window length was determined automatically by Praat .
Analyses were conducted using Stata v 11 [16] .
In particular , we have used the R data analysis and graphics software [34] to perform Chi - squared goodness of fit tests to ascertain the statistical distribution of the wet - lab data , along with hierarchical clustering and Principal Component Analysis to investigate any underlying groupings with the dataset of Yang et al [32] ( see supplementary information for detailed descriptions ) .
Each model process was programmed in Matlab ( Mathworks ) and fitted to data for each observer and condition of change probability .
Each dot was given a smooth line of trajectory and a fixed speed using VPixx ™ software [34] .
Looking times were coded live using Habit 2000 software [35] .
The entire sequence of touches for each participant that contains the special runs was then entered into a Monte Carlo program ( TouchStat 3.0 ) [41] to determine if they were likely to have occurred by chance .
Finally , Hierarchical Linear Modeling ( HLM ) with R was conducted to examine the fluctuations of perceived justice and the effect of the above - mentioned determinants on athletes ’ perceived justice of the coach in a longitudinal perspective .
Multilevel modelling ( using R ) provides an efficient way of doing this .
All paradigms were implemented and displayed using the Presentation ™ Software package ( Version 14.1 , http://neurobs.com ) .
All fMRI data were analyzed using the standard routines and templates from the software package SPM 8 ( v 4290 ; www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) in MATLAB 7.7.0.471 ( R 2008b ) ( The MathWorks , Inc . ) .
Functional images were realigned , normalized ( using the standard SPM EPI - Template ) , resampled to a voxel size of 2 × 2 × 2 mm 3 , smoothed with a 5 - mm isotropic Gaussian kernel , and high - pass filtered ( cut - off period 128 s ) .
At the single - subject level , BOLD responses were modelled in a General Linear Model ( GLM ) using boxcar functions convolved with the canonical hemodynamic response function from SPM 8 [32,33] .
The anatomical localization of activated brain regions was assessed both by the SPM anatomy toolbox [34] and the WFU - Pickatlas [35] .
Specifically , we used the frontal lobe mask as given by the WFU - Pickatlas as an inclusive mask to differentiate between regions of interest and regions of no interest .
For each paradigm , parietal ROIs were defined by creating masks of the group level activation pattern ( “ dots - in - space ” and mental rotation task with p < 0.001 uncorrected , k = 50 ; Landmark task version A with p < 0.001 , k = 100 ; Landmark task version B and C with p < 0.01 , k = 20 ) within the anatomical constraints of the parietal lobe as given by the WFU - Pickatlas .
Frontal and parietal ROIs were defined by creating a mask , resembling the conjunction of the group level activation patterns of session 1 and 2 within the frontal lobe and parietal lobe , respectively , as given by the WFU - Pickatlas ( p < 0.01 uncorrected , k = 20 ) .
We here applied the bootstrapping approach implemented in the SPM 8 LI - toolbox , which is the current gold standard [36] .
First , we quantified the reliability of the activation patterns by computing intra - class correlation coefficients ( ICCs ) for each voxel using the ICC toolbox extension within SPM [42] .
As a measure of the test - retest reliability of the degree of lateralization , we computed an ICC ( two - way mixed model with absolute agreement using SPSS ; IBM SPSS Statistics for Macintosh , version 22.0 ) for the LIs in the frontal and parietal ROI , respectively .
Statistical analyses were performed with IBM SPSS 23.0 Statistics for Windows ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) or GraphPad Software .
Computation of the Gower index was implemented using the ' Gower ' computer program version 1.1 ( www.pbarrett.net/software.html ) .
Full details of the exact procedure are contained in the Bootstrap software used to perform the procedure ( Bootstrap Version 1.0 , http://www.pbarrett.net/Bootstrap/Bootstrap.html ) .
All statistical calculations , except those pertaining to the Gower calculations , were made using SPSS 18 ( IBM Corp . , Somers , NY , USA ) .
Analyses were performed using the Statistical Analysis System ( SAS ) 8.2 software ( SAS Institute Inc . Cary , NC , USA ) .
Data analysis was conducted using SPSS version 14 for windows .
All statistical analyses were performed using Statistica software ( StatSoft , Inc . , Tulsa , OK , USA ) .
Rats were videotracked by a camera positioned on the ceiling just above the center of the tank , using software ( Videotrack , Viewpoint ) that calculated the distance and the time to find the platform .
The VideoTrack system calculated the time , the distance , and the velocity of exploration within the full quadrant , and within a virtual central zone of 2,921 cm 2 ( Fig . 7.A .a ) .
The VideoTrack system calculated the time spent and the distance traveled in each compartment .
Images were imported into Adobe Photoshop 8.0.1 ( Adobe Systems ) .
Data were acquired and analyzed using a Digidata 1440A interface and pClamp 10 software ( Molecular Devices ) .
Electrophysiological data were analysed using pClamp 10 and Igor pro software ( WaveMetrics ) .
Measurement of cortical thickness and hippocampus volume : After sections were Nissl - stained , images were captured with a video camera 3CCD ( DXC - 9300 ; Sony ) coupled to an image analysis system ( Visilog 6.3 ; Noesis ) .
The granule cell area was traced using an image analysis system ( Visilog 6.3 ; Noesis ) .
Code for calculating partition similarity , obtaining taxonomic data , and running the search algorithm are available on GitHub at https://github.com/esander91/SignedGroupModel .
In order to determine a relationship between biological aspects and behavioral problems statistical analyses were done using IBM SPSS 20 ( IBM SPSS 20 , Chicago , USA ) .
All the calls were normalized by matching the maximum values of the sound pressure waveforms using Goldwave ( version 5.57 ) , prior to the propagation experiments .
We used a custom - made Matlab ( Mathworks ) script to cross - correlate the propagated recordings with the original sequences .
Using custom - made Matlab scripts , we calculated the frequency spectra ( FS , in dB units ) for all calls from the same sex at each propagation distance .
These equations were implemented in a Matlab script that was validated by comparing its output to the tables provided in the ISO publication .
Because the dimensionality of this representation was higher than the total number of calls in our database , we used a Principal Component Analysis ( PCA ; using the princomp function of Matlab ) for dimensionality reduction .
Comparisons between the percentages of correct classification : To compare the results obtained with different set of parameters , at different distances and for both sexes , we performed analyses of covariance ( ANCOVA ) , using a general linear model framework ( Statistical Toolbox in Matlab ) , with the percentage of correct classification as the dependent variable , the sex ( male vs . female ) and the type of parameters used ( SPC vs . envelope ) as factors , and the propagation distance as a covariate .
Data Processing and Feedback Signal Extraction : Immediately after acquiring the data from the primary motor and visual cortex localizer runs , the images were pre - processed with SPM 8 functions ( Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging , Queen Square , London , UK ) , i.e. realigned to the first scan of the respective localizer run , and smoothed with an isotropic Gaussian kernel with 4 mm full - width - at - half - maximum ( FWHM ) .
For the statistical analysis of the BOLD signal changes , we specified general linear models ( GLM ) with regressors for the experimental conditions defined in SPM 8 ( Welcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging , UK ) .
All computations were carried out on a standard PC in Matlab 7.10 ( The Mathworks , Natick , MA ) .
The custom - made neurofeedback toolbox is available on request from the corresponding author .
Gray matter volume ( GMV ) calculation : The GMV of each voxel was calculated using Statistical Parametric Mapping software ( SPM 8 ; http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/software/spm8/ ) .
After an initial affine registration of GM concentration map into the Montreal Neurological Institute ( MNI ) space , GM concentration images were nonlinearly warped using diffeomorphic anatomical registration through the exponentiated Lie algebra ( DARTEL ) technique and were resampled to 1.5 - mm cubic voxels .
Two sets of resting - state fMRI data were preprocessed using the SPM 8 with the same procedures .
Imaging data were analysed using BrainVoyager QX ( Brain Innovation , Maastricht , the Netherlands ) .
The two conditions of team feedback ( team loss and team gain ) were submitted to a T - test , and the three pride conditions and three guilt conditions were submitted to ANCOVA analysis in Brain Voyager separately .
These procedures were performed using the SPSS 11.5 software package [40] .
Data were analyzed with the use of SPSS software ( version 16.0 ) .
SPSS statistics for windows ( version 17.0 , Chicago , USA ) was used for analysis .
Allele scoring was performed using Genescan Software version 3.0 ( Applied Biosystems ) or Peakscanner Software 1.0 ( Applied Biosystems ) .
Tests for departures from Hardy - Weinberg equilibrium were performed using the Hardy - Weinberg probability function with default Markov chain parameters in Option One of GENEPOP 3.1 software [12] .
MICROCHECKER software [14] was used to determine genotyping errors such as allelic dropout , stuttering and null alleles .
Genetic diversity estimates , observed and expected heterozygosity ( HO and HE ) , allele diversity , and population structure analyses such as Principal Coordinates Analysis ( PCoA ) and population assignment cluster analysis were measured using GenAlEx 6.5 [15] .
Relatedness within populations was examined using three programs : MLRELATE [16] , COLONY [17] and COANCESTRY [18] .
MLRELATE calculates the maximum likelihood estimates of relatedness and relationships from microsatellites .
The program COLONY uses a maximum likelihood method to assign siblings and parentage using individual genotypes at all markers .
The program COANCESTRY employs seven relatedness estimators .
Finally BOTTLENECK software [19] was used to determine if the populations had experienced a recent significant population bottleneck that may now be affecting diversity .
For all color measurements , we used an Ocean Optics USB - 2000 spectrometer with an R - 400 reflectance probe and PX - 2 pulsed xenon light source , and Optics OOIBase 32 v 2.0.6.5 software ( Ocean Optics , Inc . , FL , USA , 2002 ) .
All analyses were completed using STATA version 11 ( College Station , TX ) .
The ESA ( European Space Agency ) Globcover land cover dataset ( http://due.esrin.esa.int/globcover ) was used based on 22 land cover classes as per the UN - FAO Land Cover Classification System at 300 - m spatial resolution [21] .
A nearest - neighbour resample procedure was applied using GDAL ( Geospatial Data Abstraction Library ) operators working on raster - tiles to homogenize the different spatial resolution of data layers .
Geostatistical and GIS procedures were written in R - language using specific R - packages , such as rgdal , raster and mgcv , available online on : http://cran.r-project.org/ ( packages link ) .
Approach to detect related individuals : Our approach is based on the methodology used by GRAB [14] which was designed for unphased and diploid genotype or sequencing data .
GRAB can estimate relationships from 1st to 5th degree , but it has not been tested with data from different SNP panels or populations [14] .
READ does not model aDNA damage , so it is expected that the input is carefully filtered , e.g. by restricting to sites known to be polymorphic , by excluding transition sites or by rescaling base qualities before SNP calling [61] .
Analogous to GRAB [14] , we partition the genome in non - overlapping windows of 1 Mbps and calculate the proportions of haploid mismatches and matches , P0 and P1 , for each window .
Such a normalization step is not implemented in GRAB [14] suggesting that GRAB might be sensitive to ascertainment bias and general population diversity .
There are four possible outcomes when running READ : unrelated ( normalized P0 ≥ 0.90625 ) , second degree ( 0.90625 ≥ normalized P0 ≥ 0.8125 ) , first degree ( 0.8125 ≥ normalized P0 ≥ 0.625 ) and identical twins / identical individuals ( normalized P0 < 0.625 ) ( Fig 1 ) .
READ is implemented to classify pairs of individuals in certain categories , so it will always output the best fitting degree of relationship based on the point estimate of the average P0 .
Relationship Estimation from Ancient DNA ( READ ) was implemented in Python 2.7 [73] and GNU R [74] .
The input format is TPED / TFAM [8] and READ is publicly available from https://bitbucket.org/tguenther/read and as S1 File .
We used vcftools version 0.1.11 [75] to extract autosomal biallelic SNPs with a minor allele frequency of at least 10 % ( 1,156,468 SNPs in total - similar to the aDNA data set used for the empirical data analysis [35] ; see below ) and to convert the data to TPED / TFAM files .
READ was then applied to these data sets and the median of all average P0s per population was used to normalize scores assuming that this would represent an unrelated pair .
To evaluate READ ’ s performance , we calculate false positive and false negative rates .
READ ’ s performance was similar for both normalization approaches ( median and cross - validation ) , so we present the results of using the median in the main text and the cross - validation approach results in Supplementary figures ( S1 and S2 Figs ) .
We extracted only autosomal data for all individuals and applied READ to each cultural or geographical group ( as defined in the original data set of Mathieson et al ( 2015 ) [35] ) with more than four individuals separately .
Y - chromosome haplotypes of the five individuals shown in Fig 6 were checked using samtools [77] ( applying a minimum mapping and base quality of 30 ) and marker information for the haplotypes R 1a and R 1b from the International Society of Genetic Genealogy ( http://www.isogg.org , accessed January 16 , 2017 ) .
Dates were calibrated using the IntCal 09 calibration curve [46] and the program CALIB [47] .
Dates were calibrated using the INTCAL 09 calibration curve and the program Calib v 6 [47] .
An age - depth model was developed using the date of core collection as an upper constraint ( 2011 AD ) , the five radiocarbon dates , the lower - most 210Pb date ( 50 cm depth ) , and the Ambrosia rise ( 40 cm depth ) , using the clam package for R [53] .
Figure generated using clam for R [53] .
Cluster analysis was used to determine boundaries between diatom assemblage zones in the stratigraphy , with the number of significant zones evaluated by the broken stick model , using the rioja package in R [ 62 , 63 ] .
Diatom and pollen assemblages were plotted as stratigraphies using C2 [64] ; C2 was also used to ordinate the samples using Detrended Correspondence Analysis ( DCA ) .
Ages were re - modelled for the Upper Mallot Lake pollen record using the top of the core ( 1993 AD ) , the three radiocarbon dates included in the database record , and the Ambrosia rise ( 15 cm depth ) with the clam package for R [53] ; pollen assemblages were ordinated using DCA and axis scores were plotted .
This map was generated using ArcGIS 10.2.2 ( www.esri.com ) .
The cross - correlation method and the significance tests for coefficients are implemented using Python 2.7.5 ( https://www.python.org ) .
All figures were drawn using Python 2.7.5 and Matplotlib 1.5.0 ( https://matplotlib.org/ ) .
Statistical analysis and used behavioral variables : We analyzed the possible association of environmental factors with several anxieties using the generalized linear mixed model ( GLMMs ) with binomial distribution ( PROC GLIMMIX , SAS version 9.3 ) , using breed and the questionnaire - version ( 1 - 4 ) as a random variable ( all breeds were pooled ) .
Data was stored in a validated database system ( Promasys , Omnicomm Inc . , Fort Lauderdale , USA ) and checked for accuracy and completeness .
We used statistical software R version 3.4.0 [21] to plot measurements , calculate the third - order polynomial that best fits the data using polynomial regression with the R - function lm ( y ~ poly ( 3 ) ) , implement the LT concepts and perform the statistical testing .
R was used with the following packages : dplyr 0.5.0 [22] , psych 1.7.5 [23] , tidyr 0.6.3 [24] .
All radiocarbon ages were converted to calibrated calendar ages BP ( before - present , 1950 ) using the CALIB 6.02 calibration software and the IntCal 09 data sets [62] .
Endocast rendering and volume estimation : A virtual endocast of MLDG 1704 was generated from computed tomography ( CT ) data in Mimics ( Ver. 13.02 ) by : Segmenting out extraneous material and generating a mask for MLDG 1704 , Generating a cutting plane and converting this mask into a 3D object , Positioning the 3D object such that it closed the open region of the cranium , Generating a mask from the repositioned 3D of the cutting plane , Combining the mask of MLDG 1704 with that of the cutting plane , Using the ‘ cavity fill ’ tool to create a partial endocast from this combined mask , A 3D surface mesh was then generated from this mask of the endocast and imported into Strand 7 ( ver. 2.4 ) , andA solid mesh of the partial endocast was then created in Strand 7 and the volume taken from the model summary .
Preprocessing and statistical analysis were performed in SPM 8 ( www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/software/spm8 ) .
The DARTEL toolbox was used for preprocessing [30] , with default settings for EPI data as outlined in the SPM 8 manual ( www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/doc/spm8_manual.pdf ) .
We used DARTEL to create a template of extracted grey and white matter from the anatomical images of all participants in this study ( both VLBW and control group ) with the default number of 6 outer iterations .
The template was then normalized within the DARTEL toolbox to a 2x 2x 2 mm 3 Montreal Neurological Institute ( MNI ) template and smoothed with an 8 mm full width half maximum ( FWHM ) Gaussian kernel .
In SPM , the individual realigned and resliced EPI data from the fMRI tasks were coregistered and then normalized to 2x 2x 2 mm 3 MNI space with help of the normalized DARTEL template and smoothed with an 8 mm FWHM Gaussian kernel .
The pre - defined regions were based on the Talairach Daemon labels atlas in the WFU pickatlas [32,33] .
The remaining statistical analyses were carried out using IBM SPSS Statistics 22.0 .
All analyses were performed using GraphPad Prism 5 ( GraphPad Software , Inc . , La Jolla , CA , USA ) .
All questionnaire data were double - entered using Epidata 3.1 ( The Epidata Association Odense , Denmark ) .
Statistical Analyses ( S1 Table ) were performed using SAS V 9.4 ( SAS Institute Inc , Cary , North Carolina , USA ) .
The analyzes were performed using custom - written Matlab ™ ( The MathWorks Inc . , Version R 2014a , Natwick , MA , USA ) codes .
To examine the effects of distal loading within inclines and differences of loading between inclines , a marginal model ( population - averaged model ) was performed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences 11.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , Illinois , USA ) .
For rhythm and timbre features we compute a Mel spectrogram with 40 Mel bands up to 8000 Hz using Librosa [76] .
The assay was carried out based on the protocol provided by the manufacturer and the data acquisition was done on BioPlex 2.0 Workstation ( Bio - Rad ) operated by the Bioplex Manager 4.0 software .
The level of IL - 1 α , IL - 1 β , IL - 6 , IL - 8 , TNF - α and VEGF was calculated by the Bioplex Manager software based on the recorded 7 - point calibration curve .
In order to determine the unique protein - specific tryptic sequences BLASTp analysis ( http://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov ) was carried out searching the NCBI non - redundant protein sequence database .
SRM transition design was performed by the Skyline software [18] ( www.brendanx-uw1.gs.washington.edu ) on the protein - specific tryptic peptide sequences .
SRM - based analysis of saliva samples were carried out on a 4000 QTRAP ( ABSciex ) mass spectrometer using a NanoSpray II MicroIon Source and controlled by the Analyst 1.4.2 software ( ABSciex ) .
The SRM data were analyzed using the Skyline software [18] .
The Skyline data are publicly available through the Panorama [20] web site : ( https://panoramaweb.org/labkey/project/University%20of%20Debrecen/OSCC%20saliva/begin.view? ) The primary data were transformed into appropriate format of MSstats R - package [21-23] by an in - house developed software .
For evaluation of test performances multivariate receiver operating characteristic ( ROC ) curve analyses [26] were constructed by the Epi R - package [27] , the accuracy and the 95 % confidence intervals were calculated .
Data analysis was performed by SPSS software , version 23 .
We fitted the ERMM with the R package “ Mixer ” [24] , [39] - [41] .
The Fast Louvain and Spectral algorithms were carried out using the Matlab “ Brain Connectivity Toolbox ” ( http://www.brain-connectivity-toolbox.net/ , accessed 15th June 2013 ) [49] .
To calculate the ARI scores , we used the function “ adjustedRandIndex ” in R software [58] , [59] and , for the ICC and AIC , we use the R function “ lmer ” [60] that employs a Restricted Maximum Likelihood procedure [61] to obtain estimates of , and AIC .
Survey data was analyzed in SPSS version 23 ( IBM SPSS Statistics , Armonk , New York ) after importation from CSPRO version 6.1 ( United States Census Bureau , Washington DC ) where it was entered and cleaned .
Cleaned FGD data was coded into salient themes in Nvivo 10 ( QSR international , Melbourne ) and analyzed using the content analysis method .
All tests were performed using the JMP 5.0 Statistics software package ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC ) .
We did this by comparing the similarities between the relative species compositions among areas and sites using cluster analysis and non - metric multi - dimensional scaling ( MDS ) plots based on Bray - Curtis similarity indices ( PRIMER v. 6 ) .
In addition to the graphical analyses , we compared differences in species compositions among areas with a permutation MANOVA , using the “ Vegan ” package in the “ R ” statistical program .
We used a mixed - model , repeated - measures analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) to test for differences in species abundance and mean sizes of fishes inside and outside of MPAs , both at the time of implementation , and as change over time using data from the entire seven - year sampling period ( SAS v 9.4 ) .
Also , we conducted a factor analysis in SPSS to identify groups of species with highly correlated distributions , then used those groups to determine how well CPUE obtained from one species could predict relative abundance of co - occurring species .
VBM analyses were performed using SPM 8 ( http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) as previously described [24] .
Third , the segmented images were iteratively registered by the Diffeomorphic Anatomical Registration Through Exponentiated Lie Algebra toolbox [26] .
Voxel - based multiple regression analyses ( based on general linear model ) were performed by SPM 8 , with voxel - wise GMV value as dependent variable and N and E scores of personality traits as covariates of interest .
This correction was conducted using the AlphaSim program embedded into the REST Software ( http://www.restfmri.net/forum/REST_V1.8 ) , which applied Monte Carlo simulation to calculate the probability of false positive detection by considering both the individual voxel probability threshold and cluster size [30] .
The random sequence was generated by our statistician ( C.V . ) using the SAS software .
Analyses were conducted using the SAS ™ 9.3 software .
All analyses were performed using SPSS software ( version 17.0 , IBM , China ) for Windows 7.0 .
The analyses were performed using IBM SPSS Statistics version 22.0 .
Sensitivity , specificity , predictive values and Youden ’ s J - Index were calculated using a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet provided by The Critical Appraisal Skills Programme ( CASPe ) , which is available at redcaspe.org .
Program Cervus 3.0 [ 49 , 50 ] was used to calculate the number of alleles , allele frequencies , null allele frequencies and exclusion probabilities for each locus , and the combined exclusion probability .
The likelihood - based , COLONY 2 program [51] was used to analyze genetic relationships between the attending males , feeding females and the offspring in the nests .
All statistical analyses of the data were performed with SAS [52] .
Models were fitted using Stan 2.3.0 [78] , a Hamiltonian Monte Carlo sampler , to draw samples from the joint posterior density of the parameters .
Model code was generated using a convenience package for Rstan known as map2stan [79] .
All statistical analyses were undertaken using R 3.1.0 ( http://www.r-project.org ) .
Google ’ s deep learning framework TensorFlow [40] was used to train , tune , and test the CNN .
Engineered feature extraction and selection : Engineered features were computed using PyRadiomics [41] , an open - source radiomics package .
Feature stability was quantified using the intraclass correlation coefficient ( ICC ) , using the irr package [42] and the test - retest RIDER dataset [33,43] .
Supervised selection was done using the mRMR method ( minimum redundancy maximum relevance ) with the mRMRe package [44] .
The tuning process involved a nested cross - validation technique ( 5,000 - fold , 5 times ) using the caret package [45] on the training dataset to select the best parameters , such as the number of variables randomly sampled .
Finally , a meta p - value was computed combining the results of the radiotherapy and surgery datasets using the survcomp package [46] .
As gene sets , we tested expert - curated pathways from the C2 Reactome collection version 6 available at MSigDB [53] using the GSEA software version 3 with 1,000 permutations .
We used the GSEA software ’ s Normalized Enrichment Score ( NES ) to quantify the association of the rank of genes with pathways and validated the NES with the false discovery rate ( FDR ) as per [54] to correct for multiple hypothesis testing .
All analyses were conducted using Stata version 12 ( College Station , TX ) .
Protein levels were quantified by optical density using Image - J Software ™ and expressed as the ratio to β - actin represented by arbitrary units .
All tests were performed using the software Statistica ™ ( StaSoft Inc . , Tulsa , USA ) , version 8.0 and graphs were drawn with the software GraphPad Prism ™ , version 5.0 .
Assessment of studies , data extraction and analysis : Records were exported from Endnote to Sente for first screening by one of the authors ( AB ) .
Custom MATLAB software ( MathWorks , Natick , MA ) was used for spike waveform detection , outlier rejection , and sorting .
All analyses were performed in MATLAB ( MathWorks , Natick , MA ) .
These were compared to predicted responses ( Fig 1D ) obtained by convolution of the STRF with the validation stimulus ( MATLAB conv 2 function ; [16,23,40,62] ) .
To obtain the null STAs , spike times were circularly shifted by a random value ( MATLAB circshift function ) selected from an interval equal to the stimulus duration [63] .
Following gain thresholding , the remaining clusters ( contiguous pixels identified with the MATLAB bwconncomp function ) were subjected to a range of cluster mass thresholds corresponding to the same 30 logarithmically spaced p values described above .
Data were preprocessed in FSL ( v. 5 ; http://fsl.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/fsl ) , which involved motion correction , brain extraction , high - pass filtering ( 100 s ) , and spatial smoothing ( 6mm FWHM ) .
To accomplish this , we used the Artifact Rejection Toolbox ( ART ; http://www.nitrc.org/projects/artifact_detect/ ) to create confound regressors for motion parameters ( 3 translation and 3 rotation parameters ) , and additional confound regressors for specific image frames with outliers based on brain activation and head movement .
All functional connectivity analyses were performed in the CONN toolbox 14.p [46] , with SPM 8 ( Wellcome Department of Imaging Neuroscience , London , UK ; www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) .
Anatomical images were segmented into gray matter , white matter , and CSF with SPM 8 in order to create masks for signal extraction .
The CONN toolbox [46] uses principal component analysis ( PCA ) to extract 5 temporal components from the segmented CSF and white matter , which were entered as confound regressors in the subject - level GLM .
Motion from the ART toolbox was included as a confound regressor .
From the motion translation parameters , the ART toolbox calculates mean displacement , and we used this measure as well as the number of motion and mean signal outliers in order to compare the degree of head movement between the groups .
Functional connectivity was performed in the conn toolbox v. 14p [46] .
Seeds were generated using the Wake Forest University PickAtlas [ 50 , 51 ] using a 4mm radius .
In this analysis , values were log - transformed to conform to assumptions of linearity , and linear mixed effects models ( NLME package version 3.1 - 118 in R ) were used to account for ACTH challenge ( I and II ) and individual identity as random factors , because two individuals were tested in both challenges ( F1 and M4 ) and because we had multiple samples per individual which were not evenly distributed among the three day time periods .
All statistical tests , carried out in R Studio Version 0.98.1102 and SPSS ( IBM SPSS Statistics for Macintosh , version 22.0 ) , were two - tailed and the statistical significance level was set at 0.05 .
Visual and auditory stimuli were presented using Psychophysics Toolbox version 3.0.10 [ 22 , 23 ] running on MATLAB 7.9 ( MathWorks Inc , MA , USA ) and a Macintosh laptop running OS - X 10.6.8 ( Apple Inc , CA , USA ) .
A posteriori coil reconstruction of the coil position was based on custom - written MATLAB ( MathWorks Inc , MA , USA ) scripts .
The fMRI data were analysed using SPM 8 ( Wellcome Department of Imaging Neuroscience , London ; www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) [40] .
Functional annotation tool GREAT ( http://bejerano.stanford.edu/great/public/html/index.php ) was used to associate both proximal and distal input ChIP - seq peaks with their putative target genes and thereby identify genes that may be regulated by SATB 2 [58] .
We used the default basal plus extension approach within GREAT where each gene in the genome is assigned a basal regulatory domain of a minimum distance of 5kb upstream and 1kb downstream of the transcription start site of the canonical isoform of the gene ( regardless of other nearby genes ) .
In addition , GREAT utilizes a set of literature curated regulatory domains that extend the regulatory domain for each gene to include its known regulatory element .
GREAT mapped 1,341 ChIP - seq peaks to 1,800 unique gene IDs .
Given the large default extension region applied in GREAT , this may have led to a number of spurious results .
The Ensembl data - mining tool BioMart ( http://www.ensembl.org/index.html ) was then used to convert these mouse gene IDs to human gene IDs , which resulted in a final set of 778 human genes .
We performed GSA using MAGMA [26] ( http://ctg.cncr.nl/software/magma ) and summary statistics from various GWAS .
However , MAGMA still identifies a very large number of associated genes despite factoring in the LD information .
Of 278 genes that map to chromosome 6 ( 25 - 35Mb ) , 130 genes were associated with SZ in our MAGMA analysis .
To avoid the excessive number of associated genes biasing the MAGMA GSA , we excluded all genes within the MHC region from our GSA of SZ .
MAGMA was chosen because it corrects for LD , gene size and gene density ( potential confounders ) and has significantly more power than other GSA tools [68] .
Numerical data used for all figures displaying MAGMA results are provided in S9 Table .
Mouse gene IDs were converted to human gene IDs using BioMart .
The Brain Vision Analyzer software ( Brain Products , Munich , Germany ) was used for off - line correction of the gradient artifact and filtering of the EEG signal .
Seed - based Functional Connectivity Group Analysis : Data processing was carried out using FMRIB Software Library ( FSL ) , www.fmrib.ox.ac.uk , Oxford U.K . , FSL version 4.1 [25] , [26] .
The following preprocessing steps were applied : ( 1 ) removal of the first two volumes of each scan to allow for equilibrium magnetization , ( 2 ) slice timing correction using Fourier - space time - series phase - shifting , ( 3 ) non - brain tissue removal [27] , ( 4 ) motion correction using a 6 - parameter linear transformation using a maximization of the correlation ratio ( default settings of FSL ) [28] , ( 5 ) intensity normalization of all volumes of each run as implemented in FSL ( 6 ) spatial smoothing using a Gaussian kernel with 6 mm full width at half maximum ( FWHM ) , ( 7 ) high - pass temporal filtering with cut off frequency of 0.01 Hz .
We performed between - groups analyses using the mixed - effects model implemented in FSL [39] .
Corrections for multiple comparisons at the cluster level was carried out based on random field theory as implemented in FSL [39] ( threshold formtok > 2.7 ; cluster significance : p < 0.05 , corrected ) .
We used a multiple imputation with k = 10 imputed data sets via the SAS procedure MI .
For each single imputation data set , we then performed logistic regression models for the previously selected covariates and combined the results via the SAS procedure MIANALYZE .
Statistical analysis was performed with the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS , Chicago , IL , USA , version 21.0 ) and SAS 9.2 for Windows 9.2 TS Level 1M 0 ( SAS Institute Inc . Cary , NC , USA ) .
Statistical software SPSS version 21 ( IBM SPSS , Armonk , NY , USA ) was used for all analyses .
Prior to the SNP - based linkage analyses in the two families , power analysis with 1,000 simulations was conducted using the SLINK package [ 59 , 60 ] .
The SNP markers were checked for genotyping errors using the PLINK [66] and PEDSTATS [67] packages and SNPs with genotyping errors were removed from the analysis .
Files were formatted for MCMC linkage analysis and an ideal set of SNPs was chosen for a marker panel with the Pedigree - Based Analysis Pipeline ( PBAP ) [68] , targeting marker spacing of 0.5 centimorgan ( cM ) , minor allele frequency ( MAF ) > 0.2 , and LD between markers < 0.04 .
MCMC - based linkage analysis was conducted with the gl _ auto and gl _ lods programs of the MORGAN 3.2 package [70-72] .
First , genotypes from the exomes were entered into the Copy Number Inference from Exome Reads ( CoNIFER ) package [74] .
For CoNIFER - based CNV discovery , reads from each exome were split into up to two consecutive 36mers and mapped using the single - end mode of mrsFAST [75] , then aligned to the hg 19 reference genome .
Here , we calculated CNVs with two software packages , PennCNV [76] and cnvHap [77] .
PennCNV uses a hidden Markov model ( HMM ) approach , incorporating several types of information including total signal intensity , allelic intensity ratio at each marker , distance between SNPs , and allele frequencies .
Like PennCNV , cnvHap uses an HMM approach but additionally incorporates chromosome - wide haplotypic information and cluster - based models of allele frequencies at each marker position .
In Family A only , IBD analysis was performed using the HCS genotypes and the BEAGLE software package , Version 3.3.2 [79] .
The SNP base calls were normalized to the forward genomic reference strand and converted to PLINK [66] format with the participants coded as unrelated .
The unphased genotypes of 165 unrelated HapMap 3 Caucasians ( CEU ) were merged by PLINK with the genotypes of the eight participants .
The genotypes of the participants and the HapMap 3 Caucasians were phased as unrelated subjects in BEAGLE .
The fastIBD routine of BEAGLE was then used to estimate the shared haplotype frequencies among all pairs , inputting default parameters .
Selected variants in Family A were tested for segregation using single - marker parametric linkage analysis based on the same parameters as the genome - wide multipoint linkage analysis , here using MERLIN [80] with customized bit size to accommodate the pedigree size .
Exome Variant Annotation , Filtering , and Single - Variant Genotyping : Exome variants were annotated using ClinVar ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/clinvar ) and Seattle Seq 137 ( http://snp.gs.washington.edu/SeattleSeqAnnotation137/HelpHowToUse.jsp ) , Variant Effect Predictor , Release 76 [ 81 , 82 ] , and searched with GEMINI [83] .
To maximize reliability , variants with read depths < 10 and variants that failed quality control by GATK [84] were excluded .
Variants were further evaluated with respect to their functions ( e.g. , missense , coding - synonymous ) , using the in - house Genome Variation Server , and predicted functional effects ( e.g. , benign , possibly damaging ) , using PolyPhen [85] and the Combined Annotation Dependent Depletion ( CADD ) scores [86] .
BEAGLE https://faculty.washington.edu/browning/beagle/b3.html#beaglev4 cnvHap http://www.imperial.ac.uk/people/l.coin CoNIFER http://conifer.sourceforge.net GEMINI http://faculty.washington.edu/wijsman/software.shtml MORGAN https://www.stat.washington.edu/thompson/Genepi/MORGAN/Morgan.shtml PBAP ( Pedigree Based Analysis Pipeline ) http://faculty.washington.edu/wijsman/software.shtml PEDSTATS http://csg.sph.umich.edu/abecasis/Pedstats/download/ PennCNV http://penncnv.openbioinformatics.org/en/latest/ PLINK http://pngu.mgh.harvard.edu/~purcell/plink/download.shtml
All statistical analyses were undertaken using Stata version 14.2 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX ) .
Spatial analysis is realised through ArcGIS 10.3 software and is based primarily on three cartographic databases [43-45] , as well as on layers provided by the MUWBR team ( i.e. reserve boundaries , protected areas , controlled exploited areas and outfitters , localisation of hydroelectric power stations ) .
EthoVision settings for activity , distance and velocity analyses : Activity ( pixel change ) , distance moved ( m ) and velocity ( m / s ) were measured using an automated video - tracking and motion analysis program , EthoVision XT 10.0 ( Noldus IT , Netherlands ) .
Table identifier and caption : 10.1371/journal.pone.0118780.t001 Program settings for measuring activity , distance and velocity in EthoVision software .
The temperature frequency was converted into degrees centigrade with Dataquest software ( Data Sciences International ) .
Primers for clock genes Per 1 , Per 2 and Rev - erb α , were designed using Primer 3 software ( sequences in Table S1 ) .
In order to determine the most stable control genes over time and condition the GeNorm v 3.3 software was used [38] .
From a set of 5 genes ( B2M ; beta - 2 - microglobin , PPiA ; peptidylprolyl isomerase A , TBP ; TATA - binding protein , RPLPO ; large ribosomal protein , GAPDH ; glyceraldehyde - 3 - phosphate dehydrogenase , ACTB ; beta - actin ) , the most stable control genes over both time and treatment were determined using GeNorm as described above : B2M ( H200984230 _ m1 ) and PPiA ( Hs 04194521 _ s1 ) .
Stimuli were elaborated using the image processing toolbox on MATLAB ( Mathworks Inc . , Sherborn , MA , USA ) .
Stimuli were displayed using E - prime software ( E - prime Psychology Software Tools Inc . , Pittsburgh , USA ) on a computer monitor ( 17 - inch , with a resolution of 1024 × 768 pixel size , 75 Hz ) at a viewing distance of 73 cm .
Data were acquired with MassHunter Acquisition software ( Agilent Technologies , Santa Clara , CA ) .
Data Processing and Metabolite Identification : Following LC - QTOF - MS data acquisition , the acquired raw data files were processed with Agilent MassHunter Qualitative Analysis software ( version 5.0 ) .
The pre - processed data files were imported into Agilent Mass Profiler Professional software ( version 12.1 ) for further statistical analysis .
To identify statistical significant differences between the control and IUGR fetal brain tissue samples the processed data files were imported into Agilent Mass Profiler Professional software version 12.1 ( Agilent Technologies , Santa Clara , CA ) for statistical analysis .
Correlations between fetal birth weight and metabolite intensities were performed in Graphpad Prism version 5 ( GraphPad software , San Diego , CA ) .
Data analyses were conducted using STATA version 14 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX , USA ) .
All images were converted to greyscale , and resized to 1000 × 750 pixel images using Matlab ( Mathworks , Natick , MA ) .
Luminance values were tested with a customized Matlab protocol , which used saturation values in the red , green and blue channels to estimate luminance .
Citations were from Thomson ’ s Web of Science and the AAS were provided by Altmetric ( https://www.altmetric.com/products/free-tools/bookmarklet/ ) .
The Altmetric bookmarklet was installed in the Firefox browser bookmarks toolbar .
The following process was utilized for each paper : ( 1 ) open a PLOS paper , ( 2 ) click on the “ Altmetric It ” from the toolbar , and ( 3 ) get the scores from the popup altmetric donut . ( The total altmetric score shows in the middle of the donut graphic . ) Raw data were imported into SPSS 20.0 .
All the analyses were carried out using STATA version 12.1 ( StataCorp . , College Station , TX , USA ) .
Statistical analysis was carried out using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences , Release 17.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) .
Statistical package for Social Sciences version 16 was used for data analysis .
SPSS version 11.5.1J software for Windows ( SPSS Inc . , Tokyo ) was used for the above statistical analyses .
All statistical analyses were performed with The Statistical Package for Social Sciences ver. 23.0 ( SPSS , Chicago , IL ) .
All follow - up measures were completed as part of a 60 - to 90 - minute computerized assessment battery programmed using Inquisit 4.0.8 , a psychological measurement software capable of being tailored to execute various types of assessments [65] .
The Inquisit software was programmed to include measures of executive function , emotional regulation , and behavioral problems into the battery .
Further , we adjusted standard errors for site - level clustering using the Huber - White adjustment in Stata 15.0 , and we used multiple imputation to account for all missing data on baseline covariates .
For multiple imputation , we generated 25 multiply imputed datasets using the multivariate normal regression procedure in Stata 15.0 [90] .
The data have been posted along with two additional files : 1 ) a “ readme ” explaining the variables contained within the dataset ; 2 ) a file containing the Stata 15.0 syntax that was used to generate the results tables shown in the main text and supplementary material .
After the algorithms were created , the 18 - month ASQ 3 scores and the Bayley - III scores were extracted from the medical charts and interpreted using a computer program created with R version 3.1 software [17] .
The R program applied the cut - off ranges for normal , grey zone , and abnormal to the observed ASQ 3 and Bayley - III scores .
We then established the preliminary species assignment using NCBI ’ s BLAST search and we further confirmed this by aligning the sequences with in - house control sequences using the MEGA 5 software [34] .
In Uxpanapa , we later calculated the shortest distance to the nearest anthropogenic habitat ( pasture , plantation , orchard , etc . ) , shortest distance to the nearest human settlement , and the number of human settlements within a 2.5 km , 5 km and 10 km radius , using a classified 2008 Landsat satellite image ( 1 ∶ 20,000 scale ) of the study area , the ArcView GIS software ( version 3.1 ) , and the Patch Analyst 2.2 extension for ArcView [39] .
All analyses were carried out in SPSS Version 20.0 , considering p < 0.05 as significant .
Statistical analysis was conducted using SAS v. 9.2 ( SAS Inc , Cary , NC , USA ) .
Both of the random choices were performed by a MATLAB program .
Stimuli were presented with E - prime software ( Psychology Software Tools , Pittsburgh , PA ) on a personal computer , back - projected onto a screen using a liquid crystal display projector and viewed by participants through a mirror mounted on the MRI head coil .
Image preprocessing and analyses were performed using statistical parametric mapping ( SPM 5 , Wellcome Department , London , UK ) that was run on a MATLAB 7 platform ( MathWorks , Natick , MA ) .
Corrections for multiple comparisons were carried out at the cluster level using Gaussian random field theory implemented in SPM 5 ( min T ( 22 ) > 2.5 ; cluster significance : p < 0.05 , corrected ) .
The statistical analysis of the phenanthrene degradation data were performed by a parametric one - way ANOVA test using the SigmaPlot / SigmaStat software program ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , Illinois , USA ) .
The phylogenetic affiliation of the fosmid insert was evaluated with PhylopythiaS software in the generic mode , which is a previously trained mode with publicly available prokaryotic genomes and a taxonomy available at NCBI and from compositional vectors [25] .
Based on a structural support vector machine ( SSVM ) model , PhylopythiaS permits taxonomic assignment by analyzing the compositional vectors derived from DNA sequence fragments .
The open reading frames ( ORFs ) were identified and automatically annotated using de Rapid Annotation using Subsystem Technology ( RAST , http://rast.nmpdr.org/ ) .
Automatically predicted genes were verified through a heuristic approach using FGENESB ( http://linux1.softberry.com/berry.phtml ) .
Final ORF annotations were performed with Artemis software by applying the criteria proposed by Palleja and co - workers [26] .
Putative functions of predicted ORFs were manually checked by BLASTp searches against all non - redundant protein sequences from the NCBI database and by functional analysis of deduced protein sequences using InterPro web service ( http://www.ebi.ac.uk/interpro/ ) , which allowed protein classification into families and predicted the presence of protein domains .
Image analysis , including spot detection , matching , abundance quantification , and normalization , were performed using ProteomeWeaver software ( Definiens , Munich , Alemania ) .
The software used for spectrum visualization and MS / MSMS protein identification was Flex Analysis ( v. 3.3 ) and BioTools ( Bruker Daltonics ) linked to MASCOT ( Matrix Science , Boston , MA 2016 ( http://www.matrixscience.com/ ) to search against the NCBInr protein sequence databases .
Genotypes were identified using GeneMapper V 4.0 . , with manual control of scored alleles , and assigned to family by the use of FAP Family Assignment Program v 3.6 [59] .
All statistical analysis was performed using R ver. 2.15.1 ( R Development Core Team ; www.r-project.org ) with critical P - values set to 0.05 , unless otherwise stated .
LMEs were fitted using the lmer function in the lme 4 package [72] , and Levene ’ s tests were performed using the leveneTest function in the car package [73] .
Heritability and additive genetic variance were estimated using the MCMCglmm package [74] , while the HPD intervals were calculated using the HPDinterval function in the lme 4 package [72] .
PLINK v 1.03 was used for the analysis [45] .
DFAM within PLINK implements the sib - TDT [25] and also allows for unrelated individuals to be included ( via a clustered - analysis using the Cochran - Mantel - Haesnzel ) and can be used to combine discordant sibship data , parent - offspring trio data and unrelated case / control data in a single analysis .
Region - wide significance for both tests was estimated using the mperm option in PLINK which uses permutation to correct for multiple testing of all the markers within the region while taking linkage disequilibrium into account .
PCR - amplification primers were designed using Primer 3 ( http://frodo.wi.mit.edu/ ) with M13 Forward and Reverse Tails added to each primer to facilitate high - throughput DNA sequencing ( Table S8 ) .
Sequence data were imported as AB 1 files into Mutation Surveyor v 3.10 ( SoftGenetics , State College , PA ) .
The SEZ6L 2 - specific sequence ( MHS 1011 - 59266 ) was obtained from OpenBiosystem ( Huntsville , AL ) , sequenced for verification , and checked for specificity with BLAST against the human genome .
Gene selection was performed using the UCSC Genome browser ( http://genome.ucsc.edu/ ) and literature review of articles published in PubMed ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sites/entrez ) .
PolyPhen was used to predict whether amino acid substitutions affect protein function .
For the statistical analyses of the data in this study , the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS ) version 22 ( IBM Corp , Armonk , New York ) was used .
Data acquisition was done using Brain Vision Recorder software ( Brain Vision , MedCaT B.V . ) and the signal was amplified using a 0.05 - 50 Hz band pass and sampled at a 500 Hz interval .
In addition , data were decomposed using the infomax Independent Component Analysis ( ICA ) in EEGlab [49] .
We used SPSS ( v. 18.0 ; SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) in data analyzing .
Stata 12 ( Stata Corp . , College Station , TX , USA ) was used for all statistical calculations .
The following model was formulated : Logit ( pt ) = μ 0 + α 1 × micet + α 2 × micet − 1 Log ( ratet ) = ζ 0 + δ 1 × micet + δ 2 × micet − 1 We used R to estimate the models with the function “ glm ” , which used the iteratively weighted least squares method in order to fit the model and get the parameter estimation .
Descriptive statistics were computed with Statistica , and are presented as mean ± SD or median ( min - max ) as appropriate .
Calculations were carried out using Stata v 13.1 [13] and the R - library glmnet [14]
For each of these papers on PubMed Central , we retrieved its citations from PubMed Central , PubMed ' s “ related citation ” list , and selected search terms from each paper to run queries on Pubmed abstracts and titles using the “ Entrez Utilities Entrez Programming Utilities ” < http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ > ) .
To extract noun phrases to use as search terms for each of the papers on PubMed Central , we run a software program written in Python based NLTK ( http://www.nltk.org/ ) to automatically extract nouns , adjectives , and noun phrases from each sentence in the paper .
NLTK is described in [11] .
The theory of noun phrase extraction has been described in [22] and [20] , and noun phrase extraction is available in commercial software packages such as Attivio ( See < http://www.attivio.com/active-intelligence/aie-features/aie-language-processing.html > ) and Inxight ( See < http://www.inxightfedsys.com/pdfs/LinguistX_FinalWeb.pdf > ) .
To select the most representative terms , we rank them based on the number of occurrences of the term in the paper itself ( document count ) and inversely to the number of occurrences of that same term on the web ( web count ) obtained using the Yahoo - BOSS API ( http://developer.yahoo.com/search/boss/ ) .
An alternative to web counts would be to use the same counts obtained from the PubMed corpus , although the rate of search queries is limited by PubMed making it harder to utilize these counts compared to Yahoo - BOSS which permitted several searches per second .
The significance level was defined as p < .05 and the data were analyzed using SAS software version 9.1 ( SAS Institute Inc . , 2003 ) .
All statistical analyses were performed with SPSS for Windows version 21.0 ( IBM Corp . , Armonk , NY ) .
DNA sequence data were analyzed using SeqScape v. 2.5 software ( Applied Biosystems ) and compared with the revised Cambridge reference sequence ( rCRS ) [69] .
Descriptive statistical indexes , the Tajima ' s D [70] and Fu ' s FS [71] neutrality tests ( for HVS 1 sequence data ) were calculated using Arlequin software , version 3.01 [72] .
Principal Component ( PC ) analysis was performed using mtDNA haplogroup frequencies as input vectors by STATISTICA 6.0 software ( StatSoft , Inc . , USA ) .
Nonparametric multidimensional scaling ( MDS ) analysis based on FST statistics calculated from HVS 1 sequences was also performed using STATISTICA 6.0 software ( StatSoft , Inc . , USA ) to visualize relationships between Altaian Kazakhs and Barghuts studied and other Asian populations around .
The most - parsimonious trees of the complete mtDNA sequences were reconstructed manually , and verified by means of the Network 4.5.1.0 software [91] , and using mtPhyl 2.8.0.0 software ( http://eltsov.org ) , which is designed to reconstruct maximum parsimony phylogenetic trees .
For the network visualization we used Cytoscape , open source software suitable for handling large complex networks [19] .
A force - directed algorithm with consideration of weights linearly proportional to our measure of revealed relatedness appeared to produce the most effective network layout ( for description of the force - directed layout used in Cytoscape software see http://cytoscapeweb.cytoscape.org/documentation/layout ) .
This equipment contained an infrared photocell grid ( 32 emitter / detector pairs ) to measure locomotor activity with Digipro System Software ( v. 140 , AccuScan Instruments ) .
Multiple autoradiographs were obtained using different exposure time , and immunoreactive bands within the linear range of detection were quantified by densitometric scanning using Scion image software ( Scion Corp . , Frederick , MD ) .
All statistical analyses were performed using SPSS ( standard version 19.0 , Chicago , IL ) .
Wound size was measured by Adobe Acrobat Pro software [34] and expressed as the ratio of the wound area to the dot measurement , then as a ratio to the original wound size on Day 0 [34] .
Data were analyzed using FlowJo software ( Tree Star , Ashland , OR , USA ) and positive labeling for each antibody was determined based on isotype stained controls .
At 0 , 18 , and 26 h post - scratching , images of the scratch in two areas of each well were photographed at 10X magnification using a CMOS digital camera mounted on the inverted microscope ( Jenco , Portland , OR , USA ) and accompanying ToupView software .
Differences in wound closure , tissue masses , mRNA expression , flow cytometry , and scratch width were analyzed using repeated measures or 2 - way ANOVA with Statview version 5.0.1 software ( Scientific Computing , Cary , NC , USA ) .
Data analysis was done using Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS ) version 20 software .
NQuery Advisor by StatsSols version 3.0 was used to calculate sample size .
STATA 12.0 by StataCorp LLC was the statistical software used in the analysis .
Data were analyzed with the Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( IBM SPSS , version 21.0 , IBM Corp . , Armonk , NY ) .
We then combined the two parallel image stacks into a single dataset with ZEN image - processing software , using the overlapping region to align the two stacks .
All data were analyzed parametrically with Prism 5 statistical software ( GraphPad ) .
The level of significance was considered by 5 % and SPSS software ( version 18 ) was employed for data analysis .
Med - PC IV software ( MedAssociates , Inc . ) controlled all chamber components .
Data collection , representation , and analysis : During any session in the operant chamber , Med - PC IV software recorded the occurrence and time of event for each lever press , insertion of the sipper tube ( reinforcer delivery ) , and lickometer circuit completion ( one lick of the sipper tube ) .
Raw data from MedPC output files and paper training logs were imported , copied , or entered into Excel ( Microsoft Office 2007 ) .
Excel , Prism 5 ( GraphPad Software Inc . ) , and Adobe Illustrator CS 5 ( version 15.0.0 ) were used to create graphical representations of data ( depicted as mean ± s.e .m ) .
SPSS Statistics ( versions 17.0 and 19 ; IBM ) was used to perform general linear model procedures as appropriate .
Models were fitted using the open source R programming language [34] and the H2O R interface version 3.8.2.2 [35] that optimizes all the analytical methods used for large datasets .
The h2oEnsemble package version 0.1.8 [36] was used to fit the SL model .
The analysis took about 2.5 hours to run in a Windows 7 Professional desktop computer with 8 - core i7 - 3770 3.40 Ghz CPU and 8 Gb RAM .
AUC confidence intervals and variances were estimated using the Delong and colleagues methodology [37] as implemented in the R package pROC [38] .
The complete data were recorded with the software Microsoft Excel 2010 and then analysed with the statistical software IBM SPSS Statistics version 20 .
The maps were drawn from free - access shapefiles obtained from DIVA - GIS ( http://www.diva-gis.org/ ) with QGIS 1.8.0 and ArcView 3.2 software .
All analyses were performed with Stata statistical software ( version 12.1 ) .
For neuroimaging data pre - processing we used standard FMRIB Software Library ( FSL ) tools v 5.0 ( http://fsl.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/fsl/fslwiki/ ) [21] .
The pre - processing pipeline for T1 - weighted images included : re - orientating images to the standard ( MNI ) template , bias field correction , registration to the MNI template using both linear ( FLIRT ) and non - linear ( FNIRT ) registration tools and brain extraction .
Brain tissues were segmented using FMRIB ' s Automated Segmentation Tool ( FAST ) that allows extracting measures of total grey matter ( GM ) , white matter ( WM ) and cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) [22] .
Fractional anisotropy ( FA ) , mean diffusivity ( MD ) , axial ( DA ) and radial diffusivity ( DA ) maps were generated using DTIFit , part of FMRIB ’ s Diffusion Toolbox , that fits a diffusion tensor model at each voxel [24] .
Resting - state fMRI data pre - processing consisted of motion correction , brain extraction , high - pass temporal filtering with a cut - off of 100 s , and field - map correction and was carried out using FSL Multivariate Exploratory Linear Optimized Decomposition into Independent Components ( MELODIC ) [25] .
To identify and regress out the “ signal ” of artefactual components reflecting non - neuronal fluctuations , we used single - subject independent component analysis ( ICA ) followed by an automatic component classification with FMRIB ' s ICA - based X - noiseifier ( FIX ) [ 26 , 27 ] .
The pre - processed and “ cleaned ” functional data was registered to the individual ' s structural scan and standard space images using FNIRT , then optimized using boundary - based - registration approach [28] , and finally spatially smoothed using an isotropic Gaussian kernel of 6 mm full width at half maximum ( FWHM ) .
For data analysis we used standard FSL tools v 5.0 .
Whole - brain analysis was carried out with FSL - VBM [29] , using default settings .
FMRIB ’ s Integrated Registration and Segmentation Tool ( FIRST [30] ) , an automated model - based segmentation / registration tool , was applied to extract volumes of sub - cortical GM structures .
Volumes were normalized to total intracranial volume and imported into SPSS for further statistical analyses .
White matter integrity ( FA , MD , DA and DR ) was analysed using FMRIB ’ s Diffusion Toolbox and tract - based spatial statistics ( TBSS ) , a voxelwise approach for analysis of FA ( and MD , DA , DR ) data [31] .
Functional connectivity was analysed using the FSL dual regression method [32] .
Connectivity of 8 standard resting - state networks defined by a group ICA using MELODIC was analysed : the default - mode network , executive control network , two visual networks , the auditory and sensory - motor networks and left and right fronto - parietal networks [25] .
For all image - based analyses ( VBM , TBSS , dual regression ) voxelwise general linear modelling ( GLM ) was applied using permutation nonparametric testing ( 5000 permutations ) and P < 0.05 correcting for multiple comparisons across space using threshold - free cluster enhancement ( TFCE ) [33] .
We used SPSS software version 23 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , USA ) for non - image - based statistical analyses and to compare volumes of subcortical structures .
Linkage disequilibrium between the two UCP 2 polymorphisms was determined using the online tool CubeX [34] ( http://www.oege.org/software/cubex/ ) .
The randomisation was performed by a Data Manager using Stata 12.0 .
The effective radiation dose ( Monte Carlo simulation program CT - Expo v. 2.1 ) was 2 - 3 mSv .
Data were analysed using the statistical software Stata 12.0 ( StataCorp LP , TX , USA ) .
Stimuli were generated using the Psychophysics Toolbox 3.0.9 [12] running under Matlab R 2007b ( Mathworks Inc . , USA ) and presented at 60 Hz for 19 participants , and at 75 Hz for the remaining 7 participants on a CRT monitor ( SAMTRON 98 PDF , dimensions : 36.5 x 27.5cm , resolution : 1024 x 768 pixels ) at a viewing distance of 60 cm .
We report partial eta squared ( η p2 ) as measure of effect size ( SPSS 22.0 for Windows , IBM Corp . 2013 ) .
Parameters were optimised using the quasi - Newton Broyden - Fletcher - Goldfarb - Shanno minimisation algorithm as implemented in the HGF 4.0 toolbox ( distributed as part of the TAPAS toolbox , http://www.translationalneuromodeling.org/tapas/ ) .
For model level inference , we calculated exceedance probabilities ( i.e. , the probability that model A is better at explaining the observed data than model B ) using random effects Bayesian model selection [17] as implemented in SPM 12 ( http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/software/spm12/ ) .
The demonstration programs for our super - threshold visual phenomena were created in Adobe Flash CS 3 and were programmed in Actionscript 2 , a scripting language that is built into the Flash programming environment .
In brief , the analyses were performed on a series of still images ( movie frames ) created with the aid of a Flash - Video converter ( MacVide ) .
To compute first - order motion energy in the horizontal and vertical directions , we first computed the Fourier power spectrum of the three - dimensional volume using Matlab 7.4 .
The sample size was calculated using the G * Power 3.1 software ( release 3.1.9.2 ; available from : http://www.gpower.hhu.de/ ) [27] to assess the null hypothesis of no difference in parasite load levels between different sampling sites within the CL ulcer .
Statistical analyses were performed under a 5 % significance level , using the GraphPad Prism v 5.02 software .
The data were recorded on a case form ( CRF ) , entered in iDataFax management ( Version 2014.1.0 ) , and analyzed using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
Statistical analysis was performed using GraphPad Prism Software , version 3.0 . ( GraphPad Software , Inc . , San Diego , CA ) .
The simulation environment used for this model is NEURON [25] used widely for realistic modelling of excitable cells .
The simulation environment used for this model is NEURON [25] , employed widely for realistic modelling of excitable cells at both individual and network level in computationally efficient ways .
In NEURON , cell morphology is modelled via the use of individual sections and compartments .
Two primary scripts in NEURON are HOC and NMODL , which enable the modelling of cell morphology ( single DSM cell , long cable and 1 - D network ) , point process mechanisms ( current clamp , alpha synapse , and gap junctions ) , and distributed mechanisms ( ion channels and calcium dynamics ) respectively .
Immunoblot bands were quantified using NIH ImageJ .
Statistical analyses were performed using GraphPad Prism 4.0 for Windows ( GraphPad Software , San Diego California USA ) .
Similarity among diets was evaluated using the clustering technique with the unweighted pair - group method and arithmetic averaging ( UPGMA ) based on the proportion of each prey type using the Morisita ’ s index on software PAST 2.17c [21] .
Major axes of dietary variation among the small cat species were identified through a correspondence analysis on software PAST 2.17c [21] .
Statistical analyses were conducted applying Statistical Program for the Social Sciences ( SPSS ) , version 24 ( IBM Inc . Chicago , IL , USA ) .
RabiesEcon is a spreadsheet - based tool ( S1 Appendix ) that incorporates a mathematical ( deterministic ) model of dog - dog and dog - human rabies transmission to estimate dog and human rabies cases averted , and the cost per human rabies death averted and per year of life gained ( YLG ) due to dog rabies vaccination programs .
We used RabiesEcon to estimate the cost - effectiveness of dog rabies vaccination programs in an illustrative East Africa human population of 1 million in a mixture of urban and rural settings .
Because there are insufficient data from a single country in Africa for every input in RabiesEcon , we used data from a number of African countries , primarily Chad , Malawi and Tanzania ( Table 1 ) .
We built RabiesEcon to include a separate sub - model for each sub - region , urban and rural .
a Calculated using the RabiesEcon tool .
A user of RabiesEcon can alter almost all the input values .
We used a previously published model [7] as a basis for our mathematical model of rabies transmission incorporated into RabiesEcon ( for equations , see S2 Appendix ) .
We therefore , to make it easier to facilitate comparisons between no vaccination and dog vaccination programs , programmed into RabiesEcon a process to calculate a “ steady state ” of a near - constant number of annual cases of canine rabies in a “ no vaccination ” scenario .
We did this by programming RabiesEcon to run an initial 10,000 weeks ( S2 Appendix and Table 1 shows the specific parameters used ) .
We note that deterministic models , of the type used to build RabiesEcon , allow for the number of infectious dogs to be reduced to less than 1 ( e.g. , 0.5 infectious dog ) , but still able to transmit .
And , users of RabiesEcon can easily ignore those “ pop - up ” outbreaks that occur in years well beyond the chosen analytic horizon ( e.g. , if the user runs a scenario in which dog rabies is eliminated by year 6 , “ pop up ” of cases in , say , year 16 can be assumed to be due to the mechanics of the model ) .
Note , that although we did not incorporate in this example the spaying of female dogs , such an option can be selected in RabiesEcon .
Gaze Data Collection and Analysis : EyeVision data processing software was used to calibrate POG from the recorded data and the data stream for each of the ten riders was recorded from the DVCR using EyeVision for identification of POG .
Analyses were carried out using SPSS version 21 .
Genetic Ancestry and Social Classification : Three independent methods were used to estimate individual genetic ancestry : two Bayesian approaches using a Markov chain Monte Carlo algorithm , implemented in Structure 2.2 [71] and ADMIXMAP [72] , and a maximum likelihood method [73] implemented in software provided by Xianyun Mao .
Genotypes and allele frequencies from unadmixed populations of West Africans , Europeans , and Native Americans ( needed for Structure and ADMIXMAP / MLE , respectively ) were provided by Mark Shriver .
Haplotype analysis was done using Haploview v. 4.1 software .
The clinical assessment and laboratory results that were recorded into a Microsoft Access database were analyzed using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( PASW - former SPSS ) version 18 and R version 2.9.2 ( R Foundation for Statistical Computing , Vienna , Austria ) .
The statistical analyses were performed with IBM SPSS 20 .
We carried out data analysis in R v. 3.2.1 ( R Development Core Team , 2013 ) .
All analyses were performed using SAS , release 9.4 ( SAS Inc . Cary , NC , USA ) and SUDAAN , release 11.0.1 ( Research Triangle Institute , Research Triangle Park , NC , USA ) .
Statistical analysis was performed using Review Manager 5.3 ( Cochrane Collaboration , London , UK ) .
Publication bias was assessed with funnel plots and the Begg ’ s / Egger ’ s test [22-23] using Stata 12.0 software .
All analyses were performed using SAS version 9.2 ( SAS Institute Inc . USA ) .
All analyses were performed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences software program , version 16 ( SPSS , Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
All analyses were performed in Stata 14.0 ( College Station , TX USA ) .
We analyzed the data using the statistical package for social sciences ( SPSS 12 ) .
The Matlab statistics toolbox was used for statistical analysis of the intensity data of the 25 hybridizations from five different treatments ( SC , F , B , I , F + I or B + I ) .
Scores were calculated using the “ PCA ” and “ predict ” commands in Stata .
The statistics software SPSS 24 was used to perform descriptive data analysis in each sample ( male and female ) separately .
To evaluate whether the eight items formed a one - dimensional homogenous scale we performed Mokken Scale analysis for polytomous items [34] , using the STATA 12.1 command MSP [35] .
All analyses were conducted using SPSS version 24.0J ( IBM Japan , Tokyo , Japan ) .
All statistical analysis was conducted in Minitab 16 ( Minitab Ltd ) .
An adapted version of Probability Weighted Iterative Generalised Least Squares technique was used for the WAACHS data to account for the complex survey design of children within families within communities using SAS software [33] .
SAS version 9.2 was used for all analyses ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC , USA , 2000 - 2008 ) .
All regression analyses were performed using SPSS Statistics 19 [37] with a significance level at 0.05 and 95 percent confidence intervals .
All statistical analysis was conducted using SPSS v. 18.0 ( IBM Corp . , Armonk , NY , USA ) .
ToP and demographic data were entered into SPSS version 19 .
Analyses were performed using Stata version 13.0 ( Stata Corp , College Station , Texas ) .
Primers were checked for specificity using NCBI BLAST searches .
Subsequently , we used a Butterworth filter in Matlab on the two time series of the positions , with a cut - off frequency of 4 Hz .
GraphPad Prism 5.02 was used for statistical calculations .
SPSS Statistics 20.0.0 statistical software ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) was used for all statistical analyses .
The data were analyzed in STATA ( version 11.2 ) , using Cox proportional hazards regression model to estimate the hazard ratio ( HR ) with a 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) , to assess the association between bereavement during childhood and the risk of hospitalization for asthma .
The Cox proportional hazard assumption was formally tested through the Schoenfeld residual test in Stata and is not violated .
The data were prepared for analysis using Stata v 13 [48] and the structural equation models were estimated using Mplus v 7 [46] .
All the statistical analyses were implemented with the statistical software SAS 9.2 [21] .
The resulting mean values for the activated regions were entered in an ANOVA ( SPSS 11.5 ) comparison of the different conditions and regions .
Descriptive statistics of survey data were performed in STATA ( Version 13 ; STATA Corp , College Station , TX , USA ) .
Analyses were performed using SPSS version 17.0 ( Chicago , IL ) .
Data analyses were performed using SPSS software version 19.0 .
Tests of gender interactions with psychosocial work factors were performed using SAS software .
Finally , mediation models of the mismatch effect were tested with path analysis using PROCESS v 2.13 , a macro created by [51] for SPSS .
Due to unequal sample sizes for deviant / non - deviant burials , as well as non - normal data distributions , non - parametric statistical tests ( including Mann - Whitney U and Kruskal Wallis ) were conducted using SAS 9.3 .
The influence of branch length and earthworm choices on earthworm times to choose was studied with a general linear model test with 2 factors ( Minitab ™ v 15.0 , α = 5 % ) .
For group - joining assays in the circular arena , a chi - square test for independence ( Minitab ™ v 15.0 , N = 46 , df = 2 , α = 5 % ) was used to compare the number of earthworms reaching the central region when different numbers of earthworms were presented there .
A general linear model with 1 factor ( Minitab ™ v 15.0 , α = 5 % ) was used to compare times to initial movement and times to trial completion ( when earthworm reached the central region or the edge of the arena ) when different numbers of earthworms were presented .
Data analysis in EEGLAB [31] and Mathworks Matlab involved band - pass filtering the EEG data between 0.5 Hz and 80 Hz , with a notch - filter between 45 and 55 Hz .
All statistical analyses were performed using IBM SPSS Statistics v. 22 .
Analysis of the data occurred using SPSS .
With the aim of further refining the variable assessment of the phenomenon and attending to its specificity , an extra field ‘ general comments ’ was added to the Excel matrix , which allowed us to qualitatively address specific aspects that had driven the usage of a specific code and that later would help us to refine the definition by category and code .
Upon completion of the codification , a matrix containing all of the data was generated so it could be used in a statistical package ( SPSS 24 ) .
We used the Brain Connectivity Toolbox [17] and MATLAB custom - made scripts to explore global and local topological properties of the ToM - network in each participant ’ s brain .
Statistical analyses were conducted by using SAS software , version 9.3 [ PROC GENMOD , with options REPEATED , CORR = IND , and DIST = NORMAL ; SAS Institute , Inc . , Cary , NC ] .
Multilevel regression analyses were performed in SAS software version 9.2 ( SAS Institute Inc . , 2009 ) .
We used IBM SPSS 22.0 for the quantitative analysis .
All statistical analyses were performed in STATA version 14 [46] .
All analyses were performed using STATA 11 ( Stata Corporation , College Station , TX , U.S .A . )
To identify known miRNAs , we aligned all the small RNA reads to mature miRNAs and miRNA hairpins in miRBase 13.0 with blast using an E - value threshold of 0.01 .
The models were estimated using MLwiN 2.25 software from within Stata 13 software , using the user - written subroutine ' runmlwin ' , and Markov Chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) methods [49] .
The analyses were performed using SPSS version 18 software .
Statistical analyses were performed using JAGS Gibbs - sampling environment [43] and R 3.0.3 [44] .
Data were analyzed using GraphPad Prism version 6.0f for Mac OS X , ( GraphPad Software , La Jolla California USA , www.graphpad.com ) .
We undertook analyses in STATA , version 12 .
All analyses were performed using Stata 12.0 SE .
Analyses were conducted in STATA / IC 14 with individuals as the unit of analysis .
Statistical analysis was conducted using StatView ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) .
Data were entered using EpiData 3.0 and all statistical analyses were performed using SPSS 10.01 .
All analyses were conducted using IBM SPSS Statistics , Version 22 with weighted data .
After preliminary exploration to identify causes of death for which there were positive , statistically significant zero - order correlations with county levels of infant mortality across all race - gender groups ( not shown ) , we performed principal components analyses with an orthogonal rotation per SAS PROC Factor .
To create a set of control stimuli that retained acoustic correspondence , we synthesized nonvocal sounds by using Praat [44] and MATLAB ( The MathWorks , Inc . , Natick , MA , USA ) .
All data obtained from the communities were recorded using EPI INFO version 5 ( CDC , Atlanta ) and imported into Microsoft Excel .
Statistical analyses were performed in SPSS 19.0 and R 3.0.1 [42] .
All statistical analyses were performed with the aid of SPSS software version 22.0 ( IBM Co . , Armonk , NY , USA ) .
Data was analyzed using IBM SPSS Statistics 18.0 .
These measurements were analyzed using SPSS to investigate whether apparent size in the two - dimensional plane that is visible to a perceiver varied across low , neutral , and high status cues .
Statistical analyses were carried out using Stata 14.1 .
[27] STATA 13.0 was used for analysis in 2015 , using the svy suite , given the sample design .
Survey responses were analyzed using STATA 15 [16] .
All analyses were conducted using Stata 12.1 [44] .
Data analysis used in - house custom MATLAB scripts and involved both whole - brain voxel - wise and region of interest ( ROI ) analyses [18] , to compare brain activity associated with the conditions of interest ( e.g. , trials with anxiety - inducing angry distracters vs . trials with neutral distracters ) .
For the purposes of the analysis , the dataset was partitioned by discipline and a Correspondence Analysis ( CA ) [41-43] was applied to these subsets following the procedure described in Diaz - Faes and Bordons [25] and using a MATLAB program [44] .
The quantitative data were analyzed using descriptive statistical analysis , correlations , and binominal logistics regressions on IBM SPSS Statistics 18 ( Forward : LR method ) , and applying Latent Class Modeling ( LCM ) on LatentGold 3 .
All statistical analyses were performed using the SPSS 19.0 software package ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .P - values < 0.05 were considered statistically significant .
All the analyses were performed using STATA 13.1 ( StataCorp . , TX , USA ) .
SPSS version 16 for Mac OS 10.5 was used to run the linear mixed effect models , significance levels were set at 0.05 , and two - tailed probability values are quoted .
Analyses were conducted using SPSS version 22.0 statistical software packages ( SPSS , Chicago IL , USA ) .
Statistical analyses were conducted using GraphPad InStat version 3.10 ( GraphPad Software , Inc . , La Jolla , CA , USA ) .
Data analysis was conducted using SigmaStat 3.5 and SPSS for Windows 11.5 .
Statistical analysis was conducted using StatView ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) .
Data were analysed using SPSS 15.0 for Windows .
Statistical analyses were performed using PASW Statistics version 18 for Windows ( SPSS Inc . ) .
SPSS software ( IBM SPSS statistics version 21 ) was used for statistical analyses .
Data were analysed using SPSS version 22 [48] .
Crude and adjusted relative risks ( RR ) for dependence at 12 , 24 and 36 months were statistically assessed by Poisson regression model using Statistical Analysis System software version 9.2 with PROC GENMOD ( SAS Institute Inc , Cary , NC ) [21,22] .
We tested for effects of the number of voles in each cage upon body weight using General Linear Models ( GLM ; Minitab ver. 15.1 ) .
Data analyses were conducted using the SAS software version 9.1 ( SAS , 2004 ) and SUDAAN ( Research Triangle Institute , 2004 ) .
All statistical analyses were conducted with SPSS ( v. 20.0.0.2 ) and R ( v. 3.1.3 ) .
All analyses were performed using STATA / SE 10.1 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX , USA ) .
Analyses were carried out using Stata version 12 .
All analyses were performed with SPSS for Windows ( SPSS , version 23 ; Chicago , IL , USA ) , and p values < 0.05 ( two - way ) were considered to indicate statistical significance .
Statistical analyses were conducted using SAS software , version 9.3 ( PROC GENMOD , with options REPEATED , CORR = IND , DIST = BINOMIAL , LINK = LOGIT ; SAS Institute , Inc . , Cary , NC ) , and a P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant .
Statistical analysis was carried out using STATA 11.2 [18] .
Further data editing used SQL and SPSS software .
For analysis we used Stata v 14 .
Convenient integration between Matlab and Google Cloud was achieved through using a software called Techila Technologies .
formtok linear trend of time series signals ( x ( t ) and y ( t ) ) was excluded using the “ detrend ” function of MATLAB ( The MathWorks Inc , USA ) and the signals were filtered using Hanning windows of the same size as the data length before their cross correlation was calculated ( the MATLAB ’ s “ detrend ” function computes the least - squares fit of a straight line to the data in question and subtracts the resulting function from the data ) .
Prior to model estimation , time series data were resampled to 5 Hz ( 40 - point down - sampling using the “ decimate ” function of MATLAB to have appropriate time intervals of the estimation ( the MATLB ’ s “ decimate ” function applies a 30th order , low - pass finite impulse response ( FIR ) filter to the original time series for data resampling ) .
Data was analysed using STATA 11.2 [44] .
The simulations were run in Excel from Microsoft Office .
All other processing and the analysis of the data were performed using Matlab 8 .
All statistical analyses were conducted using Stata ( v. 14 ) .
Data analysis was performed using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS for Windows , version 19.0 , SPSS Inc , Chicago , IL , USA ) and included frequency distribution and association tests .
From the csv - files , several song and syllable parameters were calculated using a custom - written Matlab routine ( by SvM ) .
All previously published Vg sequences plus Vg sequences obtained by BLAST searches were used to construct an alignment using the web - based Clustal Omega tool ( https://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/msa/clustalo/ ) .
All statistical analysis was carried out with STATA 12.0 , Statacorp , College Station , Texas , USA .
All statistical modeling and analyses were conducted using PASW Statistics 18 , Release Version 18.0.0 ( SPSS , Inc . , 2009 , Chicago , IL , www.spss.com ) .
All statistics were performed in STATA ™ / MP 13 software .
Data are presented as ( Mean ± SEM ) and were analysed with IBM SPSS 22.0 software .
All analyses were performed using Stata 14.2 [36] .
All statistical analyses were conducted using IBM SPSS Statistics 21 .
We imputed the data under an MAR assumption through multiple imputation using chained equations ( Stata ICE package ) .
All statistical analyses were performed using SPSS 12.0 .
All data analyses were computed using SPSS 13.0 and AMOS 17.0 .
All statistical tests were done with SPSS ( v. 22 ) .
[72] , probes not rated as “ perfect ” ( 50 out of 50 nucleotides match the reference genome ) or “ good ” ( 48 to 49 out of 50 matches to the genome ) were removed ; so were probes that mapped to more than one genomic location according to BLAST queries [73] and probes that included a SNP ( NCBI dbSNP Build 137 ) ; finally , only probes detected in at least 5 % of the mice at a 0.95 detection level ( as per GenomeStudio ) were retained .
All HB analyses used WinBugs 1.4 , available from ( http://www.mrc-bsu.cam.ac.uk/bugs/ ) , and the R 2WinBUGS package version 2.1 - 16 .
Comb area , T and CORT concentrations were log - transformed and fitted to models using a normal error distribution ( GLM or Mixed procedures ; SAS , 2001 ) .
Comb area and T levels were measured prior to and after treatments , so we tested for treatment effects on changes over time using Generalized Linear Mixed Models ( Mixed procedure in SAS ) .
Analyses were conducted with SAS software Version 9.2 [30] , and SUDAAN software Release 10.0 [31] , and incorporated weighting to account for sampling design .
Off - line EEG processing and analyses were performed by adopting custom MATLAB ( MathWorks ) scripts using functions from the EEGLAB environment [38] .
As cut off criteria in the BLAST searches we used a minimum alignment length of 100nt , E - value 0.001 a word size of 11 , and a minimum of 70 % sequence identity .
GenBank match denotes the GenBank accession number of the closest GenBank BLAST match .
We further BLAST searched this transcriptome for sequences with homology to the viruses genomes derived from our transcriptome data .
Finally , the traces were filtered with a loess filter ( time window : 0.5 sec ) using the ‘ ‘ smooth ( ) ” function of Matlab , version R 2013b .
All statistical analyses were conducted using IBM SPSS , Version 22 .
All datasets were available online , MtF as SPSS datafiles [30] and AF as data tables [31] .
Using SPSS version 18 , inter - rater agreement prior to discussion and consensus was calculated as κ = 0.71 , indicating substantial agreement .
Data were edited , coded and entered using EPI Info version 3.02 and then transferred to Stata version 14.2 for statistical analysis .
The normality tests , repeated measures and multivariate ANOVAs , Student t - test ( two - tailed ) and Mann - Withney analysis were done using SPSS statistic 19.0 ( IBM ) .
Linear regression analyses were performed using statistical analyses software ( SAS 9 ) version 9.2 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) .
All analyses were performed in Stata version 14 ( Texas , USA ) .
Automated model building procedures ( forward , backward or stepwise regression ) are not supported by the survey analysis command in Stata 8.0 and are therefore not used in any of the analyses .
All analyses were performed using SPSS 19 ( IBM SPSS Statistics 19.0.0 ) .
All analyses were conducted using statistical software STATA 14 ( StataCorp , 2009 ) .
Models were run using the MATLAB routine REGRESSIONv 2.m described in [54] .
All analyses were performed using STATA version 14.1 ( Stata Corporation , College Station , TX , USA ) with survey ( SVY ) commands for the adjustment of the cluster sampling survey design .
All analyses were performed with statistical software STATA version 9.0 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX ) .
All statistical analyses that include independent samples t - tests , Cohen ' s effect size value , Pearson correlations , one - way analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) and 3 * 2 mixed - design , ANOVA were performed on the Software Package for Statistical Analysis ( SPSS for Windows version 19.0 ) , [24] .
This negative binomial mixed model regression was run using Stata 13.0 ( StatCorp , College Station , TX ) .
The analyses were run using STATA MP 11.2 .
All data were analyzed using SPSS statistical software ( version 21.0J ; IBM SPSS Japan , Tokyo , Japan ) .
All analyses were performed using the ESRI ™ suite of ArcGIS 10.3 software and Stata / SE Software version 12.1 for Windows ™ .
The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for the Social Science ( SPSS ) , version 17.0 .
The models were run using xtlogit in Stata 11.2 with a maximum likelihood estimation procedure .
For statistical analyses , the software package SPSS 18.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) was used .
Data were analyzed with SPSS ( version 19 , SPSS Inc . , Chicago , Illinois ) and NCSS 2007 ( Number Cruncher Statistical Systems , Utah , USA ) statistical software packages .
In order to investigate whether sex and body weight could influence the inter - individual variation in the behavioural responses ( reflected in the PCs ) , we performed a general linear model ( GLM ) as well as linear regressions using SAS .
These integrated peak areas were calculated in Excel using the same spreadsheet of binned , edited , and normalized spectra described above .
All the other analyses were performed with SPSS version 17.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
MNI coordinates for the channels were obtained using the NIRS _ SPM software [40] with MATLAB ( Mathworks , Natick , MA ) , and the corresponding anatomical locations of each channel were determined by the atlas provided [ 41 , 42 ] and shown in S1 Table .
The statistical analysis was conducted using SPSS Version 22 .
Regression backward model selection was conducted , using IBM SPSS Statistics v 20.0 package [94] to fit each model .
Analyses were performed with the statistical software SPSS v. 21 and in all cases was established as statistically significant a p - value < 0.05 .
We conducted the analysis in STATA ( version 13.1 ) .
Data management and univariable analyses were performed in STATA version 11 ( StataCorp LP , College Station , Texas , United States of America ) .
The statistical calculations were performed using GraphPad Prism version 5.03 for Windows ( GraphPad Software , San Diego , USA ) .
All analyses were performed using SAS 9.2 .
All statistical analyses were conducted using the SPSS version 17.0 ( IBM Inc . , Armonk , NY , USA ) .
Swings scores and data from the rule formation task were imported into SPSS for analyses .
All analyses were done using SPSS Software for Windows ( v. 15 IBM , Chicago , IL , USA , ) and graphs were drawn using Sigma plot for Windows ( v. 8.02 . Systat Software Inc . , San Jose , CA , U.S .A . ) .
SPSS 18.0 and Mplus 7.0 ( using an exploratory LPA ) were used to analyze the data .
The effect of drug treatment , cage type , and their interaction on total behavioural frequency , as well as frequency and duration of rear - only , rear - move , sit , walk and groom self were analysed using a mixed model in SAS ( v. 9.3 ) following [52] .
All subsequent analysis was performed with Matlab ( Mathworks , Natick , MA , USA ) .
The analyses were conducted in IBM SPSS Statistics 21 Advanced Model .
All data analysis was performed offline in MATLAB environment ( version R 2010a , The MathWorks , Natick , MA ) in a way that will allow later straightforward automatization of the analytic procedure .
Calculations were performed with SPSS software ( Version 22.2 ) .
The sound data obtained were analyzed using SAS Lab Pro ( Avisoft ) .
All statistical analyses were performed using SAS System for Windows version 9.3 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) .
This was performed using the svyset and svy commands in Stata Version 12.1 ( StataCorp , 4905 Lakeway Drive , College Station , Texas 77845 , USA ) .
Analyses were performed using Stata 12 .
We conducted analyses using the complex survey functions of Stata ( version 14 ) to incorporate weighting , clustering , and stratification of the Natsal - 3 data .
Data analysis was conducted using SigmaPlot ver. 12.3 ( SYSTAT Software Inc . , San Jose , CA , USA ) .
Quantitative data were analyzed using the Statistical Analysis System ( SAS ) ( version 9.4 , SAS Institute Inc . ) .
All statistical analyses were performed using STATA version 12 ( STATA Corp , College Station , TX ) .
Analyses were carried out using SPSS v 18 ( SPSS inc , Chicago , USA ) and SAS v 9.2 ( SAS , Cary , North Carolina , USA ) .
Statistical analyses were performed using Prism v. 6.0 ( GraphPad Software , Inc . , La Jolla , CA ) and SPSS software ( Chicago , IL ) , with a significance level of p < 0.05 .
We used Support Vector Machine ( SVM ) with linear kernel ( using Matlab functions “ svmtrain ” and “ svmclassify ” ) as multivoxel pattern classifier for discriminating between social vs . individual action intention .
All regression analyses were conducted using Proc Glimmix in SAS 9.3 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) .
Analyses were conducted in Stata 12 .
The hypothesized relationships were assessed using the PROCESS macro for SPSS [62] with Model 5 , which estimates the indirect effect of X ( Job characteristics ) on Y ( Psychological Work Ability / Job mobility Intentions ) through the mediator M ( Motivational Orientations ) , with a moderating role played by W ( Age ) in the X → Y ( Job characteristics → Psychological Work Ability / Job mobility Intentions ) relationship .
The statistical package for social science 18.0 ( SPSS 18.0 ) program was used for statistical analysis .
All analyses were carried out in MATLAB ( The MathWorks , Natick , MA ) .
Data were analysed with IBM SPSS version 22.0 for Windows .
Instead , we applied a custom built MATLAB routine ( using the speech processing toolbox ‘ voicebox ’ in MATLAB v. R 2014a ) to extract acoustic ‘ features ’ ( mel - frequency cepstral coefficients ; MFCCs ) from single screams and chorus excerpts .
All statistical tests were performed with SPSS ( version 21 , SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , U.S .A . ) .
Analyses were conducted using STATA 13 / SE ; [28] sample weights were used to account for the MCS complex survey design and cohort attrition over time .
SAS ( version 8 ) was used in descriptive analysis of the sample demographics .
All statistical analyses were carried out using GraphPad Prism version 5.04 for Windows , GraphPad Software , San Diego , CA , www.graphpad.com.
Multilevel mixed effects logistic regression ( xtmelogit ) on the 3 sexual risk behaviour indicators were analysed using STATA 11.1 ( StataCorp , 2009 ) .
The analyses were performed using STATA v 14 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX ) .
Then , the hypotheses were tested with OLS Ordinary Least Square through the PROCESS macro for SPSS , which assesses the conditional indirect effects [38] .
Search results from each of the three priority databases were exported into Excel and titles and abstracts were reviewed by the primary author ( MH ) to identify articles that merited full text review .
Analysis was then done by one researcher ( SS ) using MSOffice ( Word and Excel , Microsoft Corp . ) and NVivo ( QSR International ) software for qualitative data analysis .
Ideal pass filter is a data filtering tool offered by the time series tools of MATLAB R 2010b .
For the Alternating EE paradigm , statistical analyses were performed using SAS 9.3 statistical analysis software ( SAS Institute ) .
The data were tabulated and analyzed using software Epi - Info version 3.5.2 and SPSS version 19 .
SPSS and SAS were both used to analyse the data .
Data processing and statistical analyses were conducted using IBM SPSS 22.0 ( IBM Corp . , Armonk , NY ) , MATLAB R 2015a ( The MathWorks , Natick , MA ) , R 3.3.2 ( http://www.R-project.org/ ) , and Python libraries for scientific computation ( NumPy , and SciPy ) [39] .
The ANOVAs and linear contrasts were performed with SAS version 8.1 ( SAS Institute Inc . ) , while the correlation analyses were performed with JMP ( SAS Institute Inc . ) .
Wilcoxon rank - sum tests were undertaken in Stata 11 .
Stata Version 13.0 was used for the age - sex standardised prevalence for obesity and diabetes and was calculated using the Australia 2011 Census .
We built a generalized linear mixed model ( GLMM ) using the GLIMMIX procedure [43] in SAS v 9.3 to identify factors associated with the occurrence of groups .
All statistical analyses were done in Stata 12 ( Stata Corp . Inc . TX , USA ) .
Statistics were carried out using PASW Statistic 18 software ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
The statistical analyses were carried out using IBM SPSS 22 for Windows ( IBM Corp . Released 2013 ) .
The Excel tool included the finalized list of stakeholder validated criteria , desired effect direction of criteria and measurement scales listed by category with replicated sections for each of the three intervention domains ( research , surveillance , prevention and control ) .
All analyses were conducted using SPSS Version 15.0 for Windows .
The analyses were conducted using the SPSS statistical software program ( PASW 18.0 ) .
Statistical analyses were performed using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS ) Version 19.0 software ( IBM Corp , Armonk , NY ) .
We use Stata ’ s margins command to calculate proportions from saturated logit models and test the statistical significance of the differences between proportions using Wald tests of linear hypotheses .
Areas under the curve were calculated using the trapezoid rule utilising Sigmaplot graphing software ( SystatSoftwareInc . , California , USA ) .
Statistical analysis was performed using the IBM SPSS Statistics 20 ( IBM Inc . , Chicago , IL ) .
All statistical analyses were conducted using Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS 20.0 ) .
Mediation analysis was carried out with the commands “ binary _ mediation “ and “ bootstrap ” in Stata 13 [52] .
The API calls can be run on a specific tab in the Excel to analyze tweets .
All analyses were conducted using PASW Statistics 18 ( SPSS Inc . , 2009 , Chicago , IL , USA ) and were two - tailed with a critical p - value of 0.05 .
We used the Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS for Windows , version 16.0 , SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) in the statistical analyses process .
All analyses were conducted with Stata 14.1 using sampling weights and the suite of svy commands to accurately estimate standard errors .
All analyses were performed using R version 3.2.4 ( Vienna , Austria ) and STATA version 14 ( College Station , Texas ) .
Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS v 15.0 ( SPSS , Inc . , Chicago , Illinois , USA ) and Intercooled Stata 10 ( StataCorp LP , College Station , Texas , USA ) software packages .
All statistic analyses were computed using Statistical Package for Social Science ( SPSS , Chicago , Illinois , USA ) software version 19.0 for Windows .
Information was double entered using Microsoft Excel for Windows , and then transferred to STATA version 12 ( STATA Corp , College Station , TX , US ) for analysis .
Robust standard errors were utilized to estimate relative risks ( RR ) and 95 % CI as well as the population attributable fraction using the punaf command in STATA [22] .
SPSS ( version 24 ) was also used to analyse response times with repeated measures analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) .
The data was analyzed using SPSS ™ version 17.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) for Windows ™ .
For the statistical analysis a statistical Software package ( SPSS 17.0 , Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) was used in order to perform independent T - tests and Mann - Whitney U tests for the comparison of the prevalence of temporary and permanent tinnitus per age category and for the analysis of the scores on the YANS and BAHPHL .
Repeatability was determined using the intraclass correlation coefficient ( τ ) , obtained from an analysis of variance ( ANOVA , implemented in SAS version 9.1 ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC , USA ) ) and the equation for repeatability [32] .
All data analyses were performed in SPSS ( v. 19 ) unless otherwise stated .
Descriptive and regression analyses were performed by using STATA statistical software v. 14.1 ( STATA Corp . , College Station , TX , USA ) .
All analyses were performed with the STATA software version 10 .
Receipt of QAC data was acknowledged , entered into a password - protected Microsoft Access database , and cross - checked through Microsoft Excel .
We modeled group size for wildebeest and zebra as a function of habitat type , season and lion UD using generalized linear models in SPSS 15.0 .
Group composition , as measured by the proportion of females in each group ( arcsin transformed for analysis ) , was similarly modeled using generalized linear models in SPSS 15.0 .
We used a Matlab implementation of the SPIKE - dist measure ( http://wwwold.fi.isc.cnr.it/users/thomas.kreuz/sourcecode.html ) , with a temporal resolution of 1ms , to analyze our data .
Statistical analysis was undertaken using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS ) for Windows , version 21 .
Regression in SPSS version 24 is ruled out as it is limited to step - wise methods only , cannot conduct an all - possible subset analysis ( used here for exploratory reasons ) , does not automatically identify and handle outliers , and cannot accommodate a model with a high variable to observation ratio [82] .
Associations with teenage motherhood were modeled using multilevel logistic regression of the above structure using STATA MP statistical package version 14 ( StataCorp L , College Station , Texas , USA ) .
We used the computer software , STATA 12.1 for all analyses .
Statistical analyses were performed with SigmaPlot 11.0 ( Systat , Inc . , San Jose , CA . )
The data were analysed using Statistical Analysis Systems ( SAS ) version 9.2 .
These data were analysed using SPSS ( version 21 ) for Windows .
Recurring topics were explored more in depth by revisiting the original transcripts and grouping relevant quotes in Microsoft Excel .
STATA version 11.2 software ( STATA Corp , College Station , TX , US ) was employed for our analyses .
Analyses were conducted using SPSS version 24.0 and R .
Data were statistically analyzed using SPSS Statistics 20.0.0.1 .
Measurement model analysis was conducted using AMOS 23 , whereas the remaining analyses were computed using SPSS 23 .
All analyses were conducted using SPSS version 21 .
All analyses were undertaken using the IBM SPSS 22 software .
Recorded songs were filtered at 0.3 - 8 kHz for analysis using software in the Matlab Programming language ( The MathWorks , Natick , MA ) .
Data were analyzed using SAS ™ 9.2 and STATA ™ 12 statistical software ™ .
Outcomes were analyzed using unweighted linear or logistic regression ( SAS / STAT software , version 9.2 ) .
Data were inputted into a Microsoft Excel file after being anonymised .
All analyses were carried out using Stata version 11 .
Analyses were performed using SPSS 14.0 .
Statistical analysis was performed using SAS 9.3 ( SAS Institute , Cary NC ) .
Analyses were performed with JMP ( SAS Institute Inc . ) .
All analyses were performed using Stata / SE 11.2 software for Mac ( R ) .
The subsequent analyses were conducted using SAS software [17] .
We used STATA 13.0 ( College Station , TX ) for all analyses .
The raw data are available as Supporting Information file S1 Dataset ( in Excel format ) .
A PCA analysis was conducted using XLSTAT 2015 for Excel .
Differential equations ( 1 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) and ( 7 ) , using functions ( 2 ) and ( 5 ) , were solved using MATLAB to get typical plots of brood , hive bees , foragers and food against time .
We carried out all our analyses using Stata 12 [50] .
Data were analysed with SPSS version 21 , using the mixed models analysis of variance procedure .
The data were manually entered into a database and analysed using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences software ( IBM SPSS Statistics 18 ) .
An excel database spreadsheet was developed to code the response of different categories ( preference for home delivery or institutional delivery ) attached to the participant ’ s unique identification number .
Apart from Microsoft Excel [20] used to manage qualitative data , the statistical software Stata version 12 [21] was used to generate Table 1 .
Statistical analysis was performed using GraphPad Prism ( version 4.0 ) and SPSS ( version 20 ) .
On average , the online survey took approximately 10 - 15 minutes to complete and data collected was downloaded from Questionpro in SPSS ’ s data file format .
All data analyses were conducted using SAS 9.3 .
Correlation coefficients were calculated with SPSS software version 21 [61] utilising the bivariate Pearson two - tailed analysis .
Statistical tests were carried out using SPSS 16.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) for Windows .
Data were analyzed in Microsoft Excel 10.0 ( Microsoft , Redmond , WA ) and STATA / IC 12.1 ( Stata Corp , College Station , TX ) .
The data were analyzed using SPSS software ( Statistical Package for the Social Sciences , version 17.0 ) .
The data were analyzed using a mixed logistic regression model using PROC GLIMMIX in SAS 9.2 with Audience ID as a nested random effect within the random effect for Session .
The IBM Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS - 22 ) software was used to analyze the quantitative data .
The data was analysed using EpiData Analysis software ( Version 3.1.80 ) and Stata ( Version 12 ) .
All analyses utilized weighted data proportional to sampling probability with village , GV , and health facility cluster weights ; standard errors were computed using SAS 9.3 and STATA 14 procedures to account for the complex sampling design .
All analyzes were conducted using SPSS ( version 20 ) .
We used the AMOS extension to IBM SPSS ( v. 21.0 ) for structural equation modeling in order to identify associations of AR CAG repeat number , ethnicity and age with the number of children , mediated through BPAQ aggression scores .
Average time spent on each odor source during a trial and number of visits to rosemary and eucalyptus before and after training was compared using paired Student ’ s T - tests in SPSS .
A BLAST search [40] confirmed the absence of contamination with exogenous DNA .
Statistical analyses were performed in STATA ( version 12.1 , Stata Corp , College Station , TX ) .
The data were analyzed with SPSS software ( IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows version 22.0 , Armonk , NY : IBM Corp . , under license to the Central Computer System of the University of Malaga , Spain ) .
Data were analysed using STATA 12.0 ( Stata Corp , College Station , TX , USA ) .
Double data entry was performed by 4 operators , supervised by a statistician , using SPSS software [42] .
Significance values for the fit to the cosine model were calculated in MATLAB .
Data analyses were conducted using the SPSS 16.0 software package ( SPSS Inc . Chicago , USA ) .
For this , the statistical program SPSS ( Statistical Package for Social Sciences ) for Windows version 19 was used .
Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS for Windows software version 15.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) .
Preprocessing and statistical analysis of the fMRI data was performed with SPM 8 ( Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology , London UK ) software for MATLAB ( Version R 2010a , The MathWorks Inc . , Natick , MA ) .
All statistical analyses were performed with SAS software version 9.3 ( SAS Institute Inc , Cary , NC ) .
The above analyses were performed in Stata 13 statistical software [32] .
All three stages of analysis were conducted using SPSS software ( IBM SPSS Statistics 20 , IBM Corporation ) .
All statistical analyses were performed using STATA 14.0 .
Statistical analysis was performed with SPSS version 20 software ( IBM Corporation , Armonk , New York , USA ) .
All statistical analysis was performed using SigmaPlot ( version 11 ) .
All statistical tests were performed with GraphPad Prism ™ 4 .
Graphs and statistical analysis were conducted by SPSS 17.0 and Excel 2007 .
[3] Analyses were performed using Stata 13.1 survey statistical methods that incorporated NHIS supplied probability weights , strata and primary sampling unit data .
For each participant , mean amplitudes of the components of interest ( see above ) were exported and read into SPSS ( version 21 , IBM ) .
The SAS software was used for data analyses [70] .
All statistical analyses were performed using the SAS software version 9.4 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) .
The statistical software IBM SPSS Statistics version 22 [39] and R [40] were used for the statistical analyses .
All statistical analyses were performed with SAS ( V 9.1.3 ) on a Win 7 ( 64 bit ) platform .
SPSS 18.0 ( Chicago , IL , USA ) was used for all analyses .
Structural Equation Modeling ( SEM ) was conducted using Stata 15.0 to assess the interrelationship between variables associated with lifetime physical IPV .
Initial descriptive statistics were calculated in MS Excel ™ , with subsequent statistical analysis conducted using IBM SPSS Statistics v 22 ™ .
All analyses were conducted using Stata version 11 .
Statistical analysis was carried out by SPSS 13.0 software and P < 0.05 ( two - tailed ) was viewed as statistically significant .
We classified each sequence at the family level , and used blast [36] to identify those OTUs that had been previously found in bees ( blastn , e - value < 0.0001 ) .
Stimulus presentation and timing of all stimuli and response events were achieved using Matlab ( Mathworks ) and Psychtoolbox ( www.psychtoolbox.org ) on an IBM - compatible PC .
The user - written ice commands [35] - [41] in Stata v 11.2 ( Stata Corp , TX , USA ) were used to complete five imputations with ten cycles in each imputation .
The visual stimuli were generated using Psychophysics toolbox [49-51] in MATLAB ( The MathWorks Inc . , Natick , MA ) .
One - way ANOVAs were used to test combined drug treatment and prenatal exposure effects on oxygen consumption and CO 2 production ( GraphPad Prism 5.0 d ) .
Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS version 19.0 .
All the analyses in this paper were performed with STATA 11.0 software .
All analyses were performed using SAS v. 9.2 [34] .
The univariate logistic regression analysis procedure in the complex samples add - on module in SPSS was used to test the differences between the male and female subjects on HIV stigma discrimination against PLWHA .
All analyses were performed using the STATA software ( version 11.2 ) .
STATA ( StataCorp , College Station , TX , USA ) , version IC 13.1 , was used in all the statistical analyses .
Data were double - entered into a predesigned EpiData 3.1 database with validation checks , and exported to Stata 10.0 for analysis .
Clean sequences were subjected to NCBI BLAST to confirm that the isolates were E . coli ( > 95 % of isolates were assigned to E . coli ; others were excluded from further analyses ) .
All analyses accounted for complex survey design using SUDAAN 11.0 ( RTI , Research Triangle Park , North Carolina ) and were weighted to account for the selection of HCHS / SOL participants with unequal probabilities [24] and were performed using SAS version 9.3 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) and SUDAAN release 11.0.1 ( RTI International , Research Triangle Park , NC ) .
Data was analyzed by SPSS 16 .
All quantitative analyses were conducted using SPSS Statistics 21 .
The analyses were performed using SAS v. 9.3 .
All analyses were performed using Stata 13.1 software [30] .
All data was analyzed using SPSS 14.0J ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) statistical package .
All statistical analyses were undertaken using Stata 12 .
Intensity tables were exported to excel and ( Δ F − F ) / F calculated for each series of images .
In our study , it was calculated by fitting model 2 to the first set of imputed data and then using the punafcc package in STATA 14 .
Data were analyzed using IBM SPSS Statistics version : 20 .
All analyses were run in SPSS 25 .
At the group level , network measures were used to statistically examine , using Poisson or Gaussian regression analysis in Stata 11 , the associations among the individual and family attributes , social network structures , rates of wounding and social relocations across the seven enclosures .
All analyses were carried out in R ( version 2.8.0 ) and Matlab ( version 2009b ) .
All quantified regions were analyzed by Multivariate Analysis of Variance ( MANOVA ) for main effects of genotype , competition dose , and genotype x dose interactions using IBM SPSS Statistics 22 .
The statistical packages SPSS 15.1 and STATA 11.1 were used to carry out the analyses .
All analyses were conducted using STATA v 9 and all p - values refer to two - tailed tests .
In order to refine our understanding of the associations between respondents ’ awareness and attitudes and respondents ’ personal and household characteristics , we conduct multivariate regression analyses ( Stata 13.1 ) .
I then transcribed these voice recordings into an Excel database for subsequent analysis ( see below ) .
To analyze associations between individual and environmental variables and walking for transportation , we estimated several multilevel logit ordinal regression models using the Dual Quasi - Newton optimization estimation approach of Proc Glimmix in SAS 9.3 ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , North Carolina ) .
Analyses were performed by using the statistical package STATA version 11 .
All data were analysed using the IBM SPSS Statistics 22 ( IBM , NY , USA ) software package .
Responses were then analyzed using SPSS version 23 to determine descriptive frequencies .
All data were analyzed with SPSS version 21.0 [34] .
However , there is currently not a way of obtaining an overall p - value for categorical variables in SPSS , which is necessary for selective backward logistic regression .
A multiple linear regression was conducted to isolate independent predictors of nutritional outcomes of child using SPSS version 21 windows software .
Generalized Linear Mixed Models ( GLMM ) analyses were conducted , using IBM SPSS Statistics , Version 25 , to examine the effects of tDCS on patients ’ performance on social cognitive , neurocognitive , and EEG measures .
All statistical analyses were carried out by using PASW Statistics 18 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) .
Statistical analyses were computed using SPSS version 19.0.1 ( IBM , Somers , NY ) and the plot was generated using Prism version 5.0d ( GraphPad , La Jolla , CA ) .
Text files of the R - R interval data were extracted from the Polar watch and were entered into Kubios HRV ( version 2.0 , 2008 , biosignal analysis and medical imaging group , University of Kuopio , Finland , MATLAB ) .
Statistical analyses of quantitative data were performed using Excel and custom shell scripts ( Unix ) .
The analyses were conducted by using the PROCESS macro written by Andrew F . Hayes [38] , which can be implemented in SPSS , and it is based on an ordinary least squares regression .
All analyses were performed using SPSS for Windows version 23 software ( IBM Japan Ltd , Tokyo , Japan ) .
Offline filtering and heart beat detection were also conducted in AcqKnowledge before the data were exported into SPSS ( Version 23 , IBM Corp , USA , NY ) .
Descriptive and inferential analyses were completed using SPSS 22 .
All statistical analyses were performed with the Mplus statistical package version 7.3 and IBM SPSS version 22 .
S2 File is the Stata script that can be used to replicate all descriptive statistics reported below as well as the model estimates described in the main text and in the supplementary information .
Analyses were performed using the SPSS Windows Version 20 [33] .
All analyses were conducted using SAS version 9.1.3 ( SAS Institute , Cary , North Carolina , U.S .A . ) .
Quantitative data was analysed in SPSS using descriptive statistics .
We carried out the analyses using SPSS 10.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
To allocate the participants into two groups ( intervention / experimental and control ) , we used SPSS ( IBM v. 23 ) random sampling software .
All the statistical analyses were carried out with IBM SPSS Statistics 19 .
SPSS for windows version 20.0 was used .
Calibrations of eye fixations were conducted at the beginning of the experiment using a nine - point fixation procedure as implemented in the EyeLink API ( see EyeLink Manual ) and using Matlab software .
We used STATA version 11 for the statistical analyses .
Statistical analysis was performed using Excel ( Microsoft ) and OriginPro ver 7.5 ( OriginLab ) .
Microsoft Excel and Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS Version 22.0 ; Chicago , IL , USA ) were used for all data analysis .
We accessed the data using the visualization and data analytics software Tableau , and prepared data for analyses in both Tableau and Excel ( Tableau 9.0 , Tableau Software Inc . ; Excel 14.4.2 , Microsoft Corporation 2010 ) .
The results are presented as a set of predicted probabilities of being fully immunized , estimated using logistic regression post - estimation command available in Stata 10.0 [52] .
SPSS 23 ( IBM , Armonk , New York ) was used for all analyses .
The newey - west regression and robust regression in the Stata were used to correct the autocorrelation and heteroskedasticity .
We analyzed our data using SPSS ( version 24.0 ) .
The dependent eye movement measures of total dwell time , relative dwell time , entry time , number of fixations , first fixation duration and average fixation duration were each subjected to a generalized linear mixed model analysis ( GLMM ; GENLINMIXED in SPSS ) to account for repeated measures of the same subject .
All analyses were performed using SPSS ( Version 22 , release 22.0.0.2 , IBM Corp . , USA ) .
All analyses were performed with multiple imputation methods using STATA version 14 ( Stata Corp LP , College Station , TX , USA ) .
Overlapping voxels of activity resulting from these two conditions within the MNS mask were counted per participant using a custom code written in MATLAB , and then compared between groups using an independent sample t - test .
Analysis of local scale data across all crime types and the two counties ( Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire ) was done using general regression analysis applied to the log transformed mean and variance values with categorical variables using commercially available software ( Minitab version 16.2 ; Minitab Inc . ) .
All statistical analyses were conducted using SPSS Statistics 23.0 and AMOS version 23.0 .
All statistical analyses were performed using SPSS version 19 ( IBM Corp . , Armonk , NY ) .
Descriptive statistics were performed using Graphpad Prism 6 .
We used the SAS system ( version 9.3 SAS Institute Inc . ) for statistical analysis .
Data were analyzed using version 17.0 version of SPSS software .
All the analyses were implemented using SAS 9.4 .
Data analyses were conducted with IBM SPSS statistics , version 20 .
Our survey results were analyzed using descriptive statistics , Pearson ' s chi 2 , Wilcoxon sign rank , and Kruskal - Wallis mean rank tests in STATA .
LCGM was performed in STATA ( version 12.1 , College Station , TX ) using the traj procedure [24] .
Consistent with Resibois , Verduyn , and colleagues [11] , each of the obtained 384 self - reported intensity profiles following negative feedback was first transformed into a function using the linear interpolation function ( interp 1 ) implemented in MATLAB R 2016b [38] and then discretised into 44 equally distanced time points , corresponding to the number of images acquired during the period that participants read and thought about the feedback .
These time series were subsequently decomposed into two components using non - negative matrix factorization [39] ( as implemented in MATLAB R 2016b [38] ) .
All analyses ( except repeatability calculations ) were run using JMP 9 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) and we analyzed residuals to assess violation of ANOVA assumptions .
Information from completed abstraction forms were entered into an Access database and imported into SAS for analysis .
The data were managed and analyzed using the statistical software package SPSS ( Version 18.0 for Windows SPSS , Inc . , Chicago , Ill ) .
All statistical analyses were performed using the statistical package SAS , version 9.1 ( SAS Institute , Inc . , Cary , North Carolina ) .
We used STATA 13.1 for the univariate and multivariate statistical analyses .
The automatic classification was performed in MathWorks Matlab , using the PRTools toolbox [57] .
Data were entered into excel ( Microsoft 2010 ) database and analysed using excel functions .
To complement analysis of weighted positional scores , we used the coordinate data imported into MATLAB to construct a bar graph .
The distribution of individual mean values within these categories fitted to a normal distribution according to the Kolmogorov - Smirnov - Test as implemented in SPSS 22.0 .
We used SAS 9.4 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) for data set - up and analyses .
Descriptive statistics of the outcome measure , psychological distress , and the percentage distribution of the variables in the sample were calculated using SPSS Complex Samples , weighting for gender , age and city district .
All analyses were performed in SPSS 19 .
Structural equation modeling was conducted using IBM SPSS Amos 21.0 .
Estimates and standard errors for long run effects , lagged short run effects and the instantaneous short run combined effect of same sex marriages contemporaneous with strong same sex unions were calculated using the delta method using the nlcom command in Stata .
The x - y coordinates of the individual positions were extracted using the Ctrax software ( Caltech Multiple Fly Tracker ; version 0.3.12 ) and the associated FixErrors toolbox for MATLAB ( v. 7.10.0 2010 ; MathWorks , Inc . , Natick , MA , USA [34-35] ; MATLAB v. 7.10.0 ) .
All statistical tests were analysed using IBM SPSS version 22 .
Mediation analyses were computed using the MEDIATE SPSS custom dialog [21] .
Further analyses regarding behavioural data ( t - test for paired samples ) were carried out using SPSS 11 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , USA ) .
All further statistical analyses ( t - tests for dependent samples ) were calculated using the software package SPSS 11.5 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , USA ) .
We used the cp _ apr function in the Matlab Tensor Toolbox [18] .
Using Psychophysics toolbox for MATLAB , the stimuli were presented using an LCD projector ( AVOTEC ) that projected images onto a screen located behind the subject ’ s head .
Data extraction was managed in Microsoft Excel using a data extraction proforma developed specifically for this review .
We exported an excel sheet with the sample coded by the two researchers being 1 ( is evidence of social impact , either potential or real ) and 0 ( is not evidence of social impact ) to SPSS .
We therefore used Multiple Imputation with 5 imputations applying a set seed using the ice package in Stata version 11.2 , to ensure that our analysis would provide unbiased estimates .
For the permutation test we used Matlab v. 7.10.0.499 .
Codes developed from the qualitative data on motivators and quantitative data on demographic characteristics were entered in to SPSS version 21 for analysis .
SPSS version 18 is used for this analysis .
Calculations were performed using STATA 14 .
All statistical analyses were performed using SPSS 15.0.1 for Windows ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA , 2006 ) .
We performed all analysis using SAS statistical software , version 9.2 ( SAS Institute Inc , Cary , NC ) .
Total intracranial volume was obtained by summing up the overall volumes of grey matter , white matter , and CSF , which were calculated by means of the MATLAB script “ get _ totals ” provided by Ridgway [77] .
Studies were exported to remove the duplicates in Refworks ™ and then exported to Microsoft Excel .
Data were analyzed using SAS version 9.4 ( SAS Institute , Carey , NC ) .
All data were analyzed by SPSS ( Version 23 ) by univariate and multivariate procedures , using two - sided t - tests and Chi 2 , respectively .
All statistical analyses were performed in SPSS 23 .
Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS 20.0.0 , except McNemar tests that were performed in R 3.0.0 [44] .
All analyses were performed with SPSS ™ for Windows version 21 .
The Gannet GABA analysis toolkit for Matlab was used to analyse GABA data [41] .
We conducted all analyses in SAS [45] , and used residual analyses to confirm the usual normality and homoscedasticity assumptions .
The questions and resulting answers of the participants ’ online interviews were merged into an rtf - formatted document and imported into a computer program ( MaxQDA ) for qualitative analyses [47,48] .
Once the tasks were complete , the participant was asked to orally answer a questionnaire designed to measure the degree of technology acceptance while the experimenter recorded the data on a notebook computer Excel sheet .
All data obtained was anonymized before it was received and therefore not connected to the athletes ' personal information when entered in SPSS .
We used the method of random number table by SPSS to select the towns and villages .
Statistical analyses were conducted using Stata 13.1 statistical software .
The MCMC simulation was conducted using the package rjags under R 3.0.3 and JAGS v 3.3.0 ( further technical details are provided in the Supporting Information ) .
We used SPSS v. 17 to estimate univariate Spearman Rank correlations , and partial correlation and multiple regression with backwards exclusion to identify associations with smoking prevalence that were independently significant at p < 0.05 .
All analyses were conducted in SAS version 9.3 .
Stimuli were presented using the Cogent 2000 toolbox ( http://www.vislab.ucl.ac.uk/cogent.php ) for MATLAB ( The Mathworks Inc . ) on LCD - goggles ( Resonance Technology Inc . ) .
MRI data was analyzed using SPSS Statistics ( IBM , version 19 ) using a generalized linear model fitted to a gamma distribution , with MAM treatment , enrichment , and gender as factors .
All statistical procedures were completed using SPSS 16.0 ( SPSS , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
All statistical analyses were conducted using SAS 9.3 software package ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) .
All graph algorithms used in this article were implemented in Matlab and are available as part of the Brain Connectivity Toolbox ( www.brain-connectivity-toolbox.net ) [17] .
The research study details were recorded in MS Excel in the apriori descriptive mapping categories of geographic focus , aims of the study , peer review status , type of report , key findings , methods and sample size .
All statistical analyses were performed using STATA ™ version 10.0 and R Studio version 3.2.2 for Macintosh ™ .
The SAS syntax suggested by van Houwelingen , Arends , and Stijnen [77] was used .
All statistical analyses were carried out with SAS , version 9.3 ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC ) except for meta - analyses , which were performed using Comprehensive Meta - Analysis Version 2.2.027 software ( Biostat , Englewood , NJ ) .
TST ) were determined via mouse observation ( climbing ) or SPSS , and these values were removed and the N for the group was adjusted to reflect this .
The process is summarized as : ( 1 ) the data are standardized such that each variable has mean 0 and norm 1 ; ( 2 ) a grid search of two tuning parameters associated with each penalty function is applied to the model ( one for the fixed effects and one for the random effects ) , which control the strength of the shrinkage ; ( 3 ) the model that gives a minimum Bayesian Information Criteria [47] is chosen as the optimal model that gives the best balance of fit and parsimony ; and ( 4 ) the model is refit with only the selected fixed and random effects , with no constraints applied to the coefficients , using PROC GLIMMIX in SAS ( SAS Institute , Carey , NC ) .
Then , one village was randomly selected from each sub - county , using a random number generator ( Microsoft Excel Basic 2003 , Redmond , WA ) .
Then , we conducted one - way analyses of variance ( ANOVA ) with Dunnett ’ s test or T3 tests using SPSS 12 for Windows ™ ( SPSS , Chicago , IL , USA ) to determine significant differences between the control and VPA exposure groups .
All images were acquired through the Matlab Image Acquisition Toolbox ( Mathworks , Matlab v 2011b ) at 2 frames / s ( 500 ms exposure ) at 360x 260 pixel ( px ) resolutions ( using 4x 4 hardware binning ) .
The images were subsequently processed and analyzed on a pixel - by - pixel basis using the Matlab Image Processing Toolbox ( Mathworks , Matlab v 2011b ) using script modified from Theyel and colleagues [20] .
Statistically significant moderation paths ( see Fig 2 ) were probed using PROCESS , an add - on for SPSS [32] .
Data analysis was conduct using SPSS 17.0 ( IBM , Chicago , IL , USA ) and Mplus 6.1 .
Data from the surveys were double - entered and analyzed using SPSS ver. 19 ( IBM , Armonk , NY , USA ) .
SPSS ( version 22 ) was used for all analyses .
Distance matrices for the introductory syllable and the shared syllable measurements were built as the Euclidean distance between the group centroids of first discriminant functions using SPSS , in which variables were scaled to values between 0 and 1 .
Mean changes across the follow - up time points were analyzed using descriptive statistics in SPSS [34] .
Correlation analyses were based on scores corrected for linear age effects and sex differences and computed with SPSS 23 .
Statistical analyzes were performed using the STATA version 13 application ( StataCorp , College Station , Texas , USA ) and the thematic maps were constructed using the QGIS software version 2.12.3 ( OSGeo , Beaverton , OR , USA ) .
All computations were done using SAS V 9.2 .
Moreover , to assess the statistical significance of the frequency of interactions won , we performed a binomial test using the GraphPad software ( www.graphpad.com ) .
Tests on initiatorship and overtaking were run with PASW Statistics 18 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , 2009 ) , the other tests were run using R software ( R Development Core Team , Vienna , Austria , R 2.11.1 ) .
Multivariable analysis was carried out using Cox ' s proportional hazard regression in SAS .
This 20 % was selected with the statistical software SPSS .
All results reported are two - tailed and were performed with SPSS version 16.0 .
Data analysis was performed using the SPSS 15.0 PC package ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) , with statistical significance set at P < 0.05 .
Data extraction was managed in Microsoft Excel .
Random effects meta - regressions were also performed in Stata using the package metareg [44] .
Statistical analyses were conducted using SAS software , version 9.3 [ PROC GENMOD , with options REPEATED , CORR = IND or AR , and DIST = NORMAL ; SAS Institute , Inc . , Cary , NC ] .
The 15 s audio recordings for each of the twenty trials of the parents and the children were imported into MaxQDA ( Version 12 ) , for the coding of the audio track .
Analyses were made using Mplus 7.1 software [28] and IBM SPSS Statistics 22.0 .
Hierarchical linear regression models were used as the main statistical method , using the user - written runmlwin command in Stata to fit multilevel models in the MLwiN software package v. 2.27 [37] .
The model was implemented in Matlab 2015b ( The Mathworks , Natick , MA ) and is available in S1 Code and at famulare.github .io / cessationStability .
All analyses were adjusted for sample weights and NHANES complex survey design using Stata ( 11.2 ) .
Recommendations , defined as strong declarative statements [27] that were actionable and applicable by a multidisciplinary intersectoral team of professionals in a comprehensive hospital - based elder abuse intervention , as determined by the research team , were collected in a separate excel table .
SPSS software ( version 18.0 ) and R software ( version 3.4.3 ) were used for statistical analysis .
All data were entered into the IBM Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS ) 18 .
Significance was set at the p = 0.05 level , and analyses were conducted using IBM SPSS Statistics Version 24 .
The statistical analysis was performed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS for windows , version 19.0 ; Chicago , Illinois , USA ) .
All preprocessing , time - frequency SPM analyses , and ERP analyses were performed using SPM 8 ( http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) implemented in MATLAB R 2012b ( MathWorks ) .
Reliability analysis of the data and univariate analyses were performed using SPSS version 16.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) for Windows , and the SEM was produced using LISREL 8.5 .
All descriptive statistics , ANCOVA , and multiple regression analyses were conducted using SPSS 19.0 ( IBM , Armonk , New York ) .
As preference for future living arrangement was a non - ordered categorical variable , a multinomial regression model was performed using SPSS Version 20.0 ( IBM SPSS , Armonk , NY , USA ) to estimate the associations between various attributes and preferences for future living arrangements .
Both weighting factors and clusters were included into the SPSS Complex samples plan file to estimate population proportions and 95 % confidence intervals ( CI ) of socio - demographic characteristic , migration factors , sexual behavior and sexual health .
Interviews were transcribed and then manually coded using Microsoft Word and Excel .
Stata version 12.0 SE was used for all analyses .
Here , we used a derivative of a Gaussian filter as a temporal gradient filter suggested by Simoncelli and colleagues [28] ( see also MATLAB built - in function opticalFlowLKDoG ) .
All analyses were conducted in STATA , release 10.1 ( Statacorp . , College Station , TX , USA ) .
In order to reduce variability in her movement duration , she wore a headphone connected to a PC on which a MATLAB code generated a rhythmic “ beep ” .
All analyses were done using IBM SPSS Statistics 20 ( IBM Corp 2011 ) [35] .
Analyses were conducted using SPSS v 21.0 .
Statistical analyses were performed using Stata 11.0 ( StataCorp , College Station , Texas , USA ) .
SPSS version 22.0 ( SPSS , Inc . ) , R [42] and EpiTools [43] programs were used to explore our datasets .
All statistical analyses aside from the CFA were performed using STATA version 11 [28] .
Analyses were performed in SPSS version 18.0 ( Version 18.0 . Chicago : SPSS Inc . ) .
All of the data were inputted using the software SPSS 20.0 for statistical analysis , and the statistical significance was set at p < 0.05 .
The statistical analysis was performed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS for Windows , version 19.0 ; IBM Corp , Armonk , New York , USA ) .
Results were analyzed in Stata ( version 13.1 ) .
All statistical analyses were performed using STATA 13.0 .
The statistical analysis was done with Stata 14.1 ( Stata Corp LP , College station , Texas ) .
We used the Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( IBM SPSS v. 24.0.0.0 ) for all analyses .
All the processing , analyses , and machine learning were conducted using the MATLAB software package ( version R 2009a and R 2015a , Mathworks Inc . , Natick , MA , USA ) .
Analysis was performed using Stata version 13 and REALCOM - IMPUTE software [38] .
Statistical analyses were conducted using SPSS 23 ( IBM Corp . , Armonk , N.Y . , USA ) .
The word ‘ hello ’ was extracted from each recording , and normalised for power ( RMS ) and loudness via Matlab ( the Mathworks ) .
All analyses were performed with SAS software 8.2 ( USA ) .
Indirect effects within samples ( mediation ) were analyzed using Hayes ’ s ( [53] ; version 2.16 ) SPSS macro PROCESS for model 4 , and indirect effect across samples ( moderated mediation ) were analyzed using Hayes ’ s SPSS macro PROCESS for model 8 .
Analyses were performed using Stata , version 13 ( StataCorp LP , TX ) .
The software SPSS Version 24 was used for the analyses .
Survey data from both SA and NZ ( n = 4,842 ) were downloaded from SurveyMonkey [49] and initial data screening was conducted in Microsoft Excel .
Statistical analyses were conducted using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences Version 20.0 ( SPSS 20.0 ) and Analysis of Moment Structures Version 20.0 ( AMOS 20.0 ) .
Non - parametric tests were applied using SPSS 17.0 ( SPSS Inc . ) , with the level of significance set at alpha = 0.05 .
All analyses were undertaken using Stata 15.0 ( StataCorp , College Station TX ) .
Images were preprocessed and analyzed using SPM 5 ( Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology , London , UK ) , implemented in MatLab 7.2 ( MathWorks ™ ) .
Missing data were multiple imputed ( 10 estimations ) using SPSS ( Version 19.0 ) .
The identity of the amplicons was confirmed by comparing each sequence using BLAST ( Basic Local Alignment Search Tool ) .
All analyses were conducted using Stata version 11 ( StataCorp , College Station , Texas ) and Excel version 2007 ( Microsoft Corporation , Redmond , Washington ) .
The multiple mediation analysis was performed using PROCESS for SPSS [29] .
The data analysis was carried out using SPSS version 22 .
For questions for which answers could be “ yes , ” “ I don ' t know ” or “ no , ” ( e.g. , “ Did any of the field sites have a code of conduct ? ” ) , KH and JR conservatively bifurcated responses into “ yes ” and “ not yes . ” Chi - square , t - test , and regression models were constructed in JMP 9.0 ( SAS , Inc ) .
Data analysis was performed using STATA 13 ; a statistical analysis plan was developed prior to endline data collection and discussed with the funder and program implementers .
Statistical Product and Service Solutions ( SPSS ) was used for analysis .
Demographic , clinical , and laboratory data from the electronic medical record and study forms were de - identified , entered into an Excel spreadsheet , and exported into Stata v 14 software ( StataCorp , 2011 , College Station , Texas ) for analysis .
BCa confidence intervals were calculated using the statistical software SAS 9 and the % BOOT and % BOOTCI macros ( http://support.sas.com/kb/24/982.html ) .
To estimate the prevalence of SRH and SRD by gender , we used STATA S.E .
We used Stata version 12.0 for analyses .
The collected data were analyzed using SPSS version 22 .
Stata 11.1 was used for statistical analysis to calculate means , proportions and regressions .
The analyses were performed with the SPSS statistical programme , version 20.0 ( S1 Dataset ) .
SPSS version 19.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , Ill . , USA ) was used for statistical data analysis .
Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS version 19.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Illinois , USA ) and the significance level was set at P < 0.05 .
Conventional statistical analysis was performed on the mean whole brain SampEn and H values of each subject in both groups using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS 18.0 ; Chicago , IL , USA ) software .
Data were entered , cleaned and analyzed using SPSS version 16 .
All statistical comparisons were performed within GraphPad Prism 5 ( GraphPad Software , Inc . , La Jolla , CA ) .
Tracking was performed using Ctrax [67] including the provided Matlab toolboxes for subsequent correction and analysis of tracking data .
The survey forms were scanned using an optical character recognizing ( OCR ) machine and data were analyzed using STATA 10.1 for Windows ( Stata Corp , College Station , TX , USA ) software .
All ROM questionnaires were scored in an excel document appointed to an individual patient .
Individual treatment reports are all constructed in these excel documents .
Normalized cell proportions for each auditory forebrain region were analyzed with two - way ANOVA ( SAS software ) .
Cases were extracted from the transcripts with the help of qualitative data analysis software , MaxQDA ( version 12 ) , and coded using framework analysis .
The results of E - β - ocimene influence on honey bee behavioural development were analysed with a two - ways ANOVA ( years and treatments ) followed by Fisher post - hoc test ( STATVIEW 5.0 , SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) .
Statistical analyses were performed using SAS 9.3 ( SAS Institute INC . Cary , NC , USA ) , R software ( http://www.r-project.org ) , and a web - based PABAK - OS calculator ( http://www.singlecaseresearch.org/calculators/pabak-os ) .
We fit the conditional likelihood methods and estimated model parameters using maximum likelihood methods and routines in Stata 11 .
We set an E - value threshold of ≤ 1e - 4 and bit score threshold of ≥ 40 for BLAST hits .
Additional tests were conducted using SPSS 19.0 , and all tests were two - tailed .
We also used STATA 10.0 to calculate the equilibrium and Deff .
Data were statistically analyzed using SPSS Statistics 20.0.0.1 .
Data were pre - processed and analysed using SPM 8 ( Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology , London UK ) ( http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) running on MATLAB 2007b ( Mathworks Inc . , Natick , MA ) .
Researchers conducted analyses using Stata statistical software , version 14 .
For the pre - processing and statistical analyses , the statistical parametric mapping software package ( SPM 5 , Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology , London ; www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm ) was used and implemented in Matlab ( Mathworks , Inc . , Natick , MA , USA release 14 ) .
Data processing and statistical analyses were performed using SPSS V · 19 in 2012 .
All analysis was conducted using Stata .
Statistical analyses were performed using Stata software , version 13 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX , US ) .
Manual annotations of social / sexual interactions and wheel running activity were done manually using the Caltech Behavior Annotator program , a software tool created in MATLAB designed to facilitate the rapid manual annotation of video sequences .
For both approaches we used the GLIMMIX procedure in SAS University Edition Software ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) .
Data was analyzed using Microsoft Excel and Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS ) version 16 .
Given that some families contributed more than one subject , hierarchical clustering of data was taken into account by including a family as a random effect in a linear mixed model , using the stata xtmixed command , fitted with restricted maximum likelihood estimation .
All analyses were conducted using SPSS 20.0 , results were considered significant at the P < 0.05 level .
To create the actual movie files , in house made scripts were used , created with Matlab software ( MathWorks , Massachusetts , U.S .A . ) .
The data were analyzed with MIXED procedure in the IBM SPSS Statistics software , version 21 ( IBM Corporation , Armonk , New York , USA ) .
All analyses were performed using SAS / STAT ™ software version 9.1 ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC ) , Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ™ for Windows ™ ( SPSS ™ version 14.1 , SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) , and RevMan version 4.1 ( Cochrane Collaboration , Oxford , UK ) .
Charts were created using MS Excel to compare data across and within cases .
For analysing genotype effects in the purebred and intercross chickens , we used Generalized Linear Models ( SPSS v. 22.0 ) .
Data are weighted to control for the survey design and random intercept models run in Stata 13 [30] .
SPSS 20.0 was used to conduct data analysis .
IBM SPSS Statistics , version 22.0 for Windows [64] was used for the statistical analyses .
Analyses were performed in SPSS version 22 .
All data were analyzed using IBM SPSS Statistics 20 ( SPSS Inc , Chicago , IL , 2011 ) .
The allocation of participants to samples has been performed randomly by applying the option of a random selection of cases in SPSS 18 .
All analyses were performed using Statview Software ( SAS , Cary , NC ) , with significance set at p ≤ 0.05 .
Facial stimuli were presented to the subjects in 4 different blocks using MATLAB 7.0 ™ ( Mathworks Inc . , Sherborn , USA ) .
Results were computed using SPSS ver. 15 ( SPSS Inc , Illinois , USA ) , employing the ‘ Complex Samples ’ procedure required when using probability weights .
All data analysis was performed using IBM SPSS Statistics 18.0 .
Once extracted , ROI β s were submitted for analysis in SPSS .
Stata version 13.1 ( Stata Corp LP , College Station , Texas ) was used to estimate the analysis models .
All statistical tests were conducted in Stata 11 ( Stata Corp . , College Station , TX [41] ) .
Data were analyzed with SAS 9.2 .
We conducted all statistical analyses in Stata version 13.1 ( StataCorp , Texas , USA ) .
All data were analyzed in SPSS using macros for meta - analysis [60] .
All analyses were conducted in Stata v. 12 ( StataCorp , TX , USA ) .
Reported morbidity and comorbidity of needs ( speech - language alone ; SEB alone ; comorbid speech - language and SEB ) was entered as a nominal outcome in a multinomial logistic regression model , using the mlogit command in Stata , so as to examine the relative risk associated with specific family and community characteristics , compared to children without speech - language or SEB needs .
All analysis was completed using Stata Version 11.0 .
All the statistical analyses were conducted using IBM SPSS Statistics , version 20.0 .
We carried out the statistical tests in SPSS 10.0 ; α = 0.05 .
DLMs were implemented using the dlnm package version 2.2.6 in R Studio ( Vienna , Austria ) and other analyses were performed in SAS ( v 9.4 , SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC ) .
We used general linear models to determine if colony and patriline have a significant effect on the antimicrobial activity of a worker ’ s hemolymph using the GLM procedure in SAS Ver. 4 .
We also conducted nested analysis of variance to estimate the variance component associated with patriline and colony , using the NESTED procedure in SAS .
Post - hoc pairwise comparisons between patrilines were conducted using Tukey ’ s HSD function in R version 3.0.1 [43] .
The collected data were analyzed in IBM SPSS for Windows - version 19 .
The following preprocessing procedures were performed using Statistical Parametric Mapping ( SPM 8 ) software ( Wellcome Department of Imaging Neuroscience ; London , UK ) implemented in MATLAB R 2009b ( MathWorks ; Natick , MA , USA ) for whole brain analysis : correction for head motion , adjustment of acquisition timing across slices , spatial normalization using the MNI template , and smoothing using a Gaussian kernel with a full width at a half - maximum of 5 mm .
Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS ( version 17.0 ; SPSS Japan Inc . , Tokyo , Japan ) .
This assumption , tested by Stata ' s gologit 2 command and its autofit option , was confirmed in all cases .
Analyses were conducted using STATA Version 13 for Windows ( College Station , TX , USA ) .
We used MATLAB to run the task and collect participants ’ responses .
Analyses were performed in SPSS v 23.0 .
We then compute the sample skewness and the sample kurtosis of the collection of all these differences , and use Matlab ' s Jarque - Berra test to check normality .
Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS ™ version 18.0 ( Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ) .
The experimental routine was programmed using the Psychtoolbox - 3 [56] for Matlab 2014a ( Mathworks , Natick , MA ) .
Using the SPSS 18.0 software package ( IBM , Armonk , NY , USA ) , we employed one repeated - measures Analysis of Variance Analysis test ( ANOVA ) to check the effect of provocation .
In order to analyse the relationships between ‘ number of teeth ’ and anthropometric measures , we categorised participants into five approximately equal sized groups ( using xtile in stata ) based on number of paired of teeth ( teeth are known to erupt in pairs ) , both for clarity and to maximize statistical power .
All meta - analyses and statistical analyses in the pooled individual - level data were performed using Stata SE 11.0 ( Stata Corporation , College Station , Texas , USA ) .
The resampling procedures were conducted in Microsoft Excel 2010 using VBA code written by FAC ( Appendix S2 ) .
Linear regression analysis was carried out using STATA 14 to examine associations between wellbeing and i ) father ’ s social class , ii ) adult social class , iii ) father ’ s and adult social class included together .
Regression models were estimated using IBM SPSS Version 22 .
The data were entered into an Excel database ( Excel Version 2013 , Microsoft , Redmont , Washington , USA ) and checked for errors which might have occurred during data entry .
Analyses were conducted using SPSS version 24 for Mac ( IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows , Version 23 .
Therefore , an individual can be traced from household to household over the course of his or her life ( as long as he or she resides in the Matlab study area ) .
Lesion and whole brain areas for each slice were brought into Excel for final volume calculations .
All of the analyses were performed using SAS ( SAS Institute Inc . , USA ) .
Data from the tracking software was converted into Microsoft Excel format to allow further data analysis .
All statistical analyses were conducted using SPSS Statistics 22 ( Dynelytics , Zurich , Switzerland ) .
A moderated hierarchical regression was performed using SPSS ( IBM ) to estimate the amount of variance in child birthweight explained by stressor and distress variables separately and by the interaction among stressors and maternal characteristics .
Behavioral data were analyzed with SPSS / PASW 18 .
The completed questionnaires were coded and entered into EPI info version 3.5.3 statistical software and then exported to SPSS windows version 20 program for analysis .
Statistical analyses were performed using STATA version 11 ( StataCorp , College Station , TX ) .
Frequency distributions were calculated using the statistical package Stata 13.0 .
All the analyses were performed using Stata 12 ™ ( Stata Corporation , College Station , TX ) and accounted for the complex sampling design and the data weighting so that the estimates are representative of the entire population of HIV - infected individuals followed at hospitals in France .
All analyses were performed using STATA 11.0 ( Statacorp , College Station , TX ) .
All analyses were done in Stata 14 .
The SAS version 9.1.3 program package was used for all analyses ( SAS Institute , Inc . , Cary , NC , USA ) .
Data analysis was conducted with the SPSS - 15 statistical software package .
These final effect sizes and their standard errors were then input to STATA together with relevant study information for the subgroup analysis .
All analyses were conducted using the statistical software SPSS , Version 20 ( IBM Statistics ) .
Then , we calculated separate linear mixed effects models for each of the six windows using the fitlme function in MATLAB .
Statistical analyses were conducted using the Statistical Package for the Social Science ( SPSS ) version 19.0 and a p - value of less than 0.05 was used to define statistical significance .
All statistics were calculated using the software , SPSS .
We loaded the transcripts into MAXQDA 11 which is a software tool used to analyze qualitative data [88] .
All statistical analyses were conducted using the computer program SPSS ( version 18.0 , SPSS , Inc . , Chicago , IL ) .
Data were analysed using SPSS Statistics 21 for Macintosh ( SPSS , IBM Inc . ) .
Data were analyzed using SPSS for Windows ( version 20.0 , 2012 , SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , US ) .
The experiment was programmed with the Experiment Builder Software ( version 1.10.1630 ; SR Research Ltd . , Ottawa , Canada ) and data processing and analysis was performed using the open - source statistical programming language R ( www.r-project.org ) and Matlab ™ R 2011b ( Mathworks , Inc . , Natick , MA , USA ) .
The GBVS algorithm is available as Matlab ™ source code , it is applicable without initial training and it performs well in predicting fixations in free viewing conditions [20,21] .
Simultaneous relationships among variables were tested using path analysis with IBM SPSS AMOS 22 software .
The eye - tracking data were processed with custom software written in MATLAB ( Mathworks , Natick , MA , USA ) .
The SPSS 22.0 software package , Chinese version , was used to analyse the data .
SPSS software , version 18.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) was used for all analyses .
Analyses were conducted using Stata Version 12 .
“ Tabodds ” , a STATA command tabulates unadjusted and adjusted odds ratios ( OR ) , for each level of the exposure variable against a reference level which by default was the lowest level of the social capital quintile variable [27] .
The 2006 - survey data were double entered and cleaned in Epi Info 6.04 ( CDC , Atlanta ; WHO , Geneva 1996 ) , and analyzed with STATA 9.0 software ( Stata Corp . , College Station , TX ) .
Descriptive statistics were computed using the “ svy ” command in STATA , in order to take into account the survey characteristics .
The Matlab Regstats function was used to calculate the residual DBM effect size and dominance after controlling for confounding effects of age , weight , sex , and number of structural scans that had contributed to the average MRI scan used for each individual .
The residual GM effect size ( after age , weight , sex , and number of scans included was controlled ) was calculated and correlated with social group size with nonparametric bivariate analyses in SPSS .
All statistical analyses of this study were performed using SAS version 9.3 and STATA IC / SE 14 .
All statistical analyses were conducted using the statistical software package Stata 13 ( STATA Corp , College Station , TX ) , and the p - value < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant when performing hypothesis tests .
Analysis were conducted using SPSS vs . 20.0 ( IBM Corp . , released 2011 , Armonk , NY ) and GraphPad Prism 7.0 software ( GraphPad Software , Inc . , San Diego , CA ) .
These analyses were performed using IBM SPSS v. 21 .
We used SPSS 20.0 for Windows ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) for all analyses .
The presented results are pooled results using Rubin ’ s combination rules [45] , and were obtained using Stata ’ s “ mi estimate ” command .
The data were analyzed using statistical software STATA version 13 and statistical package for social science ( SPSS ) version 22 .
All analyses were conducted using Stata V. 11 [16] .
For statistical analysis we used Stata .
SPSS 16.0 for Windows was used for data analysis ; p values of < 0.05 were taken as statistically significant .
We analyzed data using JMP ™ v. 8.0 ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC ) , comparing males and females for all variables using a t - test and considered results significant if α ≤ 0.05 [47] .
Data analyses were performed using SPSS 16.0 .
Genetic correlations with antipsychotics dosage , PANSS score , and altruistic tendency were analyzed using the linear - by - linear association test , Mann - Whitney U test and linear regression tests in the SPSS v 11.5 package ( SPSS , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
STATA version 13 was used to perform all statistical analyses .
For metric variables the mean was computed and univariate analysis of covariance ( oneway ANOVA in SPSS ) was applied .
Calculations were done using SPSS 20 .
Analyses were done using SPSS 20 and SAS 9.4 , the cut - off for statistical significance was set at p < .05 .
All statistical analyses were carried out with SPSS 19.0 software for Windows .
We analyzed data in Stata version 14.0 ( StataCorp , College Station , Texas ) .
The analysis was performed using SPSS 17 ( PASW ) for Windows ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , Illinois , USA ) .
Logistic regression was conducted using SAS 9.3 software ( SAS PROC SURVEYLOGISTICS ; SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) .
All analyses were conducted using Stata version 13 [41] .
Data were analyzed using Statistical Parametric Mapping 5 ( SPM 5 , Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology , London , UK ) software implemented in Matlab 7.8 ( Mathworks , Sherborn , MA , USA ) .
Therefore , only the sex and month impacts were next compared , using two - way ANOVA and Tukey ’ s test ( SAS Institute Version 9.13 . , 2002 - 2003 license 86636 ) .
Statistical analyses were performed in SPSS , version 20 .
We performed all analyses using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences version 18.0 ( SPSS Inc , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
The photographs were grayscaled and cropped to squares , their background was removed , and the luminance and contrast of the faces were equalized across conditions using in - house MATLAB code ( MathWorks , Natick , MA ) .
All analyses were conducted using the STATA ™ package ( Version 12 , College Station , TX ) .
To investigate the relationship between the physiological correlates ( HRV and IS ) and ER as well as parental psychopathology , partial correlation tests were calculated ( alpha = .05 , two - tailed ) with the SPSS software package ( version 20 , IBM , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
To estimate variances from our stratified and clustered survey data , we employed Taylor Series Linearization ( TSL ) implemented in the Complex Sample module in SPSS V 20.0 .
Data linkage was completed using Matlab .
All analyses were conducted using Stata version 14 .
Typed responses were imported into an Excel 2016 spreadsheet where each individual response was associated with participant diagnosis , memory specificity , and rated valence .
For the clusters showing a significant interaction , the “ absolute GM content ” ( i.e. , the sum of all voxel values of the cluster ) and the “ relative GM content ” ( i.e. , the sum of all voxel values divided by the global GM ) were further analyzed for the ASD and TDC using standard statistics software ( SPSS , version 14.0.1 )
The Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS ) Version 19.0 ( SPSS , Chicago , IL ) and XLSTAT ( Addinsoft SARL , Germany ) were used to conduct analyses .
Based on two - sample Wilcoxon rank - sum test with a two - tail test α of 5 % with 80 % power , it was estimated that at least 96 mother - child pairs would be required to detect a 20 % difference in the mean duration of ABF between the intervention and control groups ( POWER procedure , SAS Version 9.3 , SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) .
All the statistical analyses were performed using SAS ( Version 9.3 , SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) .
Data were cleaned in Access and then analyzed using SAS 9.3 ( SAS Institute Inc . ) .
Statistical models were run using Proc Genmod in SAS v 9.1.2 ( Cary , North Carolina ) .
PROC MIXED procedure in SAS 9.2 was used to analyze all of the above data .
The tool is built in MS Excel 2010 and consists of two modules : i ) HPV vaccination , and ii ) cervical cancer screening and treatment [15] .
All of the statistical analyses were conducted using SPSS 17.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
SPSS 22 was used for analyses .
Data analysis was performed in Stata , version 15.0 , and R , version 3.4.0 .
Analyses were conducted using SPSS version 20.0 .
As the name already indicates , the random effects model has the limiting assumption that the unobserved heterogeneity is randomly distributed , and therefore independent from the regressors ( we have used the XTNBREG , FE command in Stata 8 to estimate our fixed effects model , and the XTNBREG , RE command in Stata 8 to estimate our random effects model ) .
The task was written in Matlab and presented using Psychophysics Toolbox .
We used multiple imputation ( Proc MI in SAS ) to assign values for variables with missing data .
Data was entered and analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences version - 16 ( SPSS IBM , New York , NY , USA ) .
All statistical analyses were conducted with SPSS ver. 21.0 .
The data were entered into Epi Info version 6 and transferred into SPSS version 17 ( SPSS Inc , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
Data was analyzed using SPSS 19.0 ( SPSS , Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .
The data were analyzed using SPSS ( v. 16.0 ) .
All statistical analyses used Stata v 14 ( StataCorp 2015 ) or R v 3.2.2 ( www.R-project.org ) .
Using Biomart in the Ensembl database , genes located within 1.5 megabases of each myo 5 gene were identified .
After downloading genes from BioMart within the previously specified regions , we found 39 genes from zebrafish and 125 genes from tetraodon for the myo5aa gene family , 89 genes from zebrafish and 176 genes from tetraodon for the myo5ab gene family , 117 genes from zebrafish and 70 genes from tetraodon for the myo5ba gene family , and 74 genes from zebrafish and 137 genes from tetraodon for the myo5bb gene family .
Eighty - seven sequences were aligned using ClustalW and Geneious Pro 6.0 ( Biomatters Ltd ) .
Model testing was performed for each of the four alignments , and the model with the best AICc value was chosen for the generation of the phylogenetic trees using Geneious 6.0 .
Using MrBayes 3.1 and a GTR + I + G model of evolution , trees were generated for the full - length coding sequence ( 6,870 bp ) of myo 5 , the motor domain , the neck , and the CBD .
The parameters used in the MrBayes - generated trees were as follows : three gamma categories were used with unconstrained branch lengths .
We determined the evolutionary rate ( dN / dS ) using MEGA 6 .
We used MEGA 6 to determine the dN and dS values for each codon in our alignment for a specific clade which generally consisted of 8 - 10 teleost sequences for a specific myo 5 duplicate .
We used the Datamonkey server and the HyPhy software package ( Kosakovsky Pond et al . 2005 ; Delport et al . 2010 ) to test for purifying selection , positive selection , and episodic selection at the codon level and the branch level among the phylogenies we generated .
Trees that were generated as described previously using the Geneious Software package were saved as Nexus files and uploaded to the Datamonkey Server to run the selection tests .
Using BLAST to compare 400,000 bases of Japanese lamprey DNA around the Japanese lamprey myo 5 sequence against the sea lamprey genomic database in Ensembl , we found the pigo and ensab genes on one side of the myo 5 genes , and we found mapk 4 , cfap 53 , and atp8b on the other side of the myo 5 genes .
Using ClustalW , we produced a final alignment of 6,468 base pairs per gene .
Results from MEME ( Mixed Effects Model of Evolution ) and REL ( Random Effects Likelihood ) ) accessed from the Datamonkey server and utilizing the HyPhy software package .
Although two separate Japanese lamprey contigs were identified ( one with the motor domain and a second with the CBD ) , both of these contigs are on the same scaffold , and results from using the surrounding sequences as query sequences for BLAST searches and comparing syntenic regions suggest that the two Japanese lamprey sequences are part of the same , contiguous myo 5 gene .
Target genes of miR - 497 - 5p were firstly predicted using microRNA ( http://www.microrna.org/microrna/home.do ) , TargetScan ( http://www.targetscan.org ) , and miRDB ( http://mirdb.org/ ) , and then , intersection analyzed by Venny ( version 2.1.0 ; http://bioinfogp.cnb.csic.es/tools/venny/index.html ) .
After that , PPI Network ( https://www.theppinetwork.com/ ) was used to analyze interactions among different proteins , MCODE APP ( http://apps.cytoscape.org/apps/mcode ) was used for functional clustering of the proteins .
Gene expression data of miR - 497 - 5p and polycomb repressive complex 1 - associated protein ( CBX 4 ) in cancer tissues and tumor - adjacent tissues of cervical cancer patients were downloaded from TCGA Research Network ( https://www.cancer.gov/tcga ) using the UCSC Xena platform ( https://xenabrowser.net/hub/ ) , and used to analyze the genes ’ expression relationship on Online software Xena .
Image lab v 3.0 software ( Bio - Rad , Hercules , CA , USA ) was used to acquire and analyze imaging signals .
The result was analyzed using ModFit software version 3.2 ( Verity Software House , Topsham , ME , USA ) .
The results were analyzed using SPSS 20.0 statistical software ( IBM , Armonk , NY , USA ) .
To investigate the mechanism by which miR - 497 - 5p regulates the growth of cervical cancer cells , we used microRNA , TargetScan and miRDB to predict the potential target genes of miR - 497 - 5p .
To further screen the target genes involved in the regulation of cervical cancer cell growth by miR - 497 - 5p , PPI and MCODE APP were used to analyze the interaction network and functional clustering of the 593 target genes .
Cluster Analysis For PPI Network Analyzed Diagram
Data was collected using our trust local interventional cardiology database ( Datacam ) , electronic discharge summaries , and medical notes .
Coronary angiograms obtained before and after primary PCI were reviewed by two experienced interventional cardiologists and a report created on the Datacam software .
These were recorded onto Datacam by the interventional cardiologist performing the procedure .
Statistical analysis was performed using the SPSS and Excel software , version 2010 for Mac .
The results were analyzed with SigmaStat ™ 3.1 for Windows ™ ( Systat Software Inc . , Richmond , CA ) .
The microscope was also equipped with a digital high - resolution camera ( ProgResTM C10 ; Jenoptik , Jena , Germany ) and a computer - driven motorized stage ( ProScanTM ™ H128 Series ; Prior Scientific Instruments , Cambridge , UK ) , connected to an image analysis computer program ( Image - Pro Plus 5.1 for Windows ( IPP ) ; Media Cybernetics , Silver Spring , MD ) with a microscope controller module ( Scope - Pro 5.0 for Windows ; Media Cybernetics , Silver Spring , MD ) .
The images of each retina were saved in a folder as a set of 24 - bit color image pictures , and these images were later combined automatically into a single tiled high - resolution composite image of the whole retina using IPP .
Reconstructed images were further processed using image - editing software ( Adobe ™ Photoshop ™ CS ver. 8.0.1 ; Adobe Systems Inc . , San Jose , CA ) when needed to produce printouts .
All images taken from the retinas were processed by specific macros written in IPP that apply a sequence of filters and transformations to each image of the stack in turn before finally counting the resulting cells and transferring the data to a spreadsheet for analysis .
These AOI were automatically counted , and data was exported and saved to a spreadsheet computer program ( Microsoft Office Excel 2003 ; Microsoft Corporation , Redmond , WA ) .
Finally , the data were represented as a filled contour plot using graphing software ( SigmaPlot 9.0 for Windows ; Systat Software , Inc . , Richmond , CA ) that constructs pseudocolored isodensity maps in a scale of 45 different steps ( each of 125 ) ranging from 0 to 5,625 cells / mm .
Digitized retinal whole - mount reconstructions were examined frame by frame at high magnification , and every RT 97 RGC was marked with a colored dot to identify either faint or strong RT 97 immunoreactivity with the aid of Photoshop ™ software .
A subroutine developed with the IPP image analysis program counted the number of dots ( RT 97 RGCs ) and their topological distribution within each analyzed retina [26,74] .
Statistical analysis of the differences between groups of retinas or groups of animals was conducted with non - parametric ANOVA tests using Satistix ™ V 1.0 for Windows ™ 95 ( Analytical Software , Tallahassee , FL ) software ; the Kruskal - Wallis test was used to compare more than two groups , and the Mann - Whitney test was used when comparing two groups only .
Survey data were analyzed using SPSS version 23.0 .
The Figure was generated using GraphPad Prism version 7.01 , GraphPad Software , La Jolla California USA , www.graphpad.com.
Whereas harmonization of manually segmented hippocampus is in progress [17] , automated image analysis software ( NeuroQuant ; CorTechs Labs Inc . , San Diego , CA , USA ) was recently approved as a medical device to provide an aid in dementia diagnosis [18] .
The EADC - ADNI standard operating procedures will be used to validate automated algorithms , such as FreeSurfer and Learning Embeddings Atlas Propagation .
Other brain regions are under active investigation ; for example , the entorhinal cortex showed performance similar to hippocampus using the Quarc analysis software ( Quarc , Wedemark , Germany ) [45] .
All data were analysed using SPSS statistics version 17.0.0 released Aug 23 . 2008 ( SPSS Inc , Chicago , USA ) .
Adapter removal was performed using the Trimmomatic utility v 32.0 ( [52] ) , with a stringency parameter of 7 , very short reads < 8 nt were excluded .
The alignment of raw reads was conducted by Bowtie 2 ( [53] ) in end - to - end mode .
Statistical analyses for incubation periods were performed using A Kruskal - Wallis test followed by Dunn ’ s multiple comparisons test using GraphPad Prism 7.0 for windows ( GraphPad Software , La Jolla California , USA ) .
The GLM procedure of Minitab software , version 16.1 ( Minitab Inc . , 2010 ) was used and with the following model of fixed factors and their interactions :
The results of a PASS prediction highlight the probability of the activity of these compounds as a caspase - 3 stimulant , JAK 2 expression inhibitor , and apoptosis agonist , as shown in Table S1 .
To rationalize the anti - cancer potential of FKB derivatives , the online web Prediction of Activity Spectra for Substances ( PASS ) server was used to predict the biological activity of potential FKB derivatives [49,50] .
Molecular docking simulation of selected inhibitors against JAK 2 was carried out using MOE [51] .
The crystal structure of JAK 2 in complex with a potent quinoxaline inhibitor , PDB : 3KRR [52] , was downloaded in MOE .
All the graphics were rendered using MOE and Chimera [53] .
The resulting trajectories were analyzed using the CPPTRAJ module in AMBERTOOLS 16 [55,56] .
Data reduction and absorption correction were performed using the SAINT and SADABS programs [62] .
All structures were solved by direct methods and refined by full - matrix , least - squares techniques on F using the SHELXTL software package [63] .
The ORTEP ( Oak Ride Thermal Ellipsoid Plot Program ) of compound 7 and 9 are shown in Figure 2 and X - ray crystallographic data presented in Table 3 . 3.6 .
Photomicrographs were taken with an inverted Olympus IX - 81 microscope equipped with a CoolSnap HQ digital camera and the ImagePro + software ( version 5.0.1 ; Media Cybernetics ) .
The cycle numbers crossing an arbitrary threshold ( Ct ) were determined using MyIQ system software , version 1.0.410 ( BioRad , CA , U.S .A . ) .
Statistical analysis and visualization of data from microarray experiments was performed using the software package FlexArray version 1.6 developed and provided by Genome Quebec .
Functional and signalling pathway analyses were assessed using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis ( IPA ) software .
All data were analyzed using the STATA version 10.0 software .
Relative gene expression was analysed with the Qbase + software ( Biogazelle ) .
Finally , membranes were developed with enhanced chemiluminescence ( ECL ) western blotting substrate ( ThermoFischer Scientific ) , scanned using a LAS 4000 Biomolecular imager ( GE Healthcare ) and analysed with ImageQuant TL version 7.0 software ( GE Healthcare ) .
Sum projection of 2 Z - stacks separated 2 μ m from each other was done with the freeware ImageJ v 1.51 u by Wayne Rasband ( National Institutes of Health , Bethesda , MD , USA ) and images were next automatically quantified with the NIS - Elements Microscope Imaging Software ( Nikon ) .
All detected nuclei that did not colocalize with Syp - positive cells were considered as glial nuclei , and a small perimeter ( NIS - Elements thickening command , three iterations ) around each nucleus was also selected to detect part of the cytoplasm of these cells .
Graphpad prism 7.01 software ( Graphad Software ) was used for statistical analysis .
As expected , the symmetric Pt ( IV ) complexes have logP values that decreased in the order 3 > 4 > 2 > 1 ( − 0.26 , − 1.65 , − 2.69 , and − 3.05 , respectively ; Table 3 ) in accordance with the decreasing order of lipophilicity of the coordinated axial ligands ( benzoate > chloride > acetate > hydroxide , as simulated by the specific software Alogps 2.1 ; www.vcclab.org ) .
Inductively Coupled Plasma Atomic Emission analyses were performed with an ICP - AES ThermoScientific iCap 6000 Series spectrometer ( ICAP 6300 with dual view , empowered by iTeva software ; Thermo Scientific , Waltham , MA , USA ) .
Data processing was performed by using the MultiPak software v. 9.8.0.19 . 3.6 .
Analyses were conducted using Stata v. 10.1 .
The IVDDM and IVDGE of feedstuffs were compared using the MIXED procedure of SAS ( SAS v 9.2 , SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC , USA ) , where feedstuffs were treated as fixed factor and batch as random factor .
Means were separated using the Tukey method using pdmix macro of SAS .
We generated multilevel logistic regression models with random intercepts to evaluate the impact of patients and trust factors on each dependent variable using MLWin V. 2.31 software ( Rasbash J , Charlton C , Browne W , et al . MLwiN , Version 2.31 . Centre for Multilevel Modelling , University of Bristol ) .
We used reweighted iterative least squares and penalised quasi - likelihood method with outputs fed into a Markov chain Monte - Carlo model with 10 000 iterations which resulted in convergence for all analyses ( Browne WJ . MCMC estimation in MLwiN v 2.31 . Centre for Multilevel Modelling , University of Bristol ) .
Secondly , mean , standard deviations , 95 % confident interval values calculated using STATA v 9 were used to summarise mean costs and thirdly , comparison across countries was carried out .
Dataset filtering and Lowess normalization were performed using J - Express ( Molmine , Hafrsfjord , Norway ) as described [16] .
Bioinformatic analyses were performed using R [17] , version 2.15 , and BioConductor [18] , release 2.10 .
Gene - set enrichment analyses were performed using gene set enrichment analysis GSEA v 5.0 [19] .
In detail , cluster analysis was performed with genes belonging to the ERBB 2 amplicon after performing median centering of the amplicon genes using Cluster 3.0 and TreeView softwares .
ECM 3 was identified using the Large Average Submatricies ( LAS ) biclustering method [25] ; compactness and separation of cluster partitions were evaluated using the Dunn index and silhouette width [26] ; connectedness of clusters was quantified using the connectivity measure [26] , as previously described [4] .
Images were obtained using a × 60 oil immersion lens ( 512 × 512 or 1024 × 1024 pixels ) and analyzed using Image - Pro Plus v. 7.0.1 ( MediaCybenetics , Rockville , MD , USA ) software .
All the analyses were conducted using SAS software ( SAS Institute Inc . , Cary , NC , USA ) .
To test the relevance of our previously described signature ECM 3 [4] in HER 2 - positive BCs , we studied the expression profile of ECM - related genes by LAS method in 5 cohorts of primary HER 2 - positive BCs .
Cases of the GHEA cohort [23] were submitted to LAS biclustering to identify ECM 3 tumors .
Using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis software , we found that biological functions significantly altered at 0.5 dpc included tissue development , lipid metabolism , inflammatory response , and cellular growth and proliferation ( Table 3 ) .
Selected Ingenuity top biological function categories at 0.5 dpc .
Selected Ingenuity top biological function categories at 1.5 dpc .
The data were log ( 2 ) transformed and normalized using Partek Genomics Suite ( Partek Inc . , St . Louis , MO ) .
Hierarchical clustering was done using Partek ’ s default clustering method .
Data were analyzed using GraphPad Prism version 5.0 for Mac OS X .
Functional enrichment analysis using FunRich software identified enhanced secretion of proteins implicated in cysteine peptidase activity in the aggressive N - Myc amplified SK - N - BE 2 secretome compared to the less tumorigenic SH - SY5Y cells .
In order to identify proteins that are overrepresented in any functional class , the dysregulated proteins were subjected to functional enrichment analysis using FunRich software ( Figure 1D - H ) .
To gain functional insights and to depict the biological modules in highly abundant SK - N - BE 2 proteins , a functional interaction network analysis approach using ClueGO cytoscape plugin was performed .
Additionally , using Reactome Plugin in Cytoscape , a protein interaction network analysis was performed with the highly abundant proteins in the SK - N - BE 2 secretome .
Peak lists were generated using extract - msn as part of Bioworks 3.3.1 ( Thermo Scientific ) using the following parameters : minimum mass 300 ; maximum mass 5,000 ; grouping tolerance 0.01 Da ; intermediate scans 200 ; minimum group count 1 ; 10 peaks minimum and total ion current of 100 .
LC - MS / MS spectra were searched against the NCBI RefSeq database [46] in a target decoy fashion using MASCOT ( v 2.4 , Matrix Science , U.K . ) .
The functional networks of identified proteins was constructed using ClueGO v 1.7.1 [47] , a Cytoscape v 2.8.3 [48] plugin .
Overrepresentation of Gene Ontology biological process and pathway terms for N - Myc amplified and non - amplified highly abundant proteins were identified using the stand - alone enrichment analysis tool FunRich .
The protein - protein physical interactions for the highly abundant N - Myc amplified genes were collated from HPRD [49] and BioGRID [50] interaction databases and the interaction networks were visualized using Cytoscape v. 2.8.3 .
The protein - protein interaction networks were further separated into different clusters and biological significance of these clusters were depicted using clusterMaker v. 1.8 and BiNGO v. 2.44 cytoscape plugins , respectively .
Statistical analysis was performed with Prism 5 ( GraphPad ) and Microsoft Office Excel .
The assessment is performed with open - source ImageJ software with interobserver concordance between 3 pathologists being high at 93.5 % .
Immunoratio [16] , for example , is an open - source software based on ImageJ [17] , another open - source software available as either a stand - alone or Web application .
Immunoratio has shown correlation with a visual LI assessment using a median Ki 67 LI of 20 % on a standard Ki 67 IHC stain using the chromogen 3 , 3 ′ - diaminobenzidine ( DAB ) and hematoxylin as the counterstain .
Although Immunoratio obtained a hazard ratio of 2.2 in survival analysis , like all algorithms using standard IHC preparations , it is disadvantaged by the observation of lower Ki 67 LI values purportedly because of normal stromal and inflammatory cells that artificially increase the denominator in LI assessments [18] .
An initial threshold value T was obtained from the IsoData [25] algorithm ( which is the default algorithm in ImageJ ) and used to create 1 binary picture .
Thereafter , the usual watershed [26] algorithm is applied to separate adjoining nuclei before counting them ( N ) with the “ analyze particles ” ImageJ facility .
The goal is to observe the magnitude of variation of both A and N and consequently robustness of N and V. The whole simulation is performed using macro scripting facility of ImageJ .
ImageJ [17] is a public domain , Java - based image - processing program developed at the National Institutes of Health .
Double Stain Ki 67 - Pan Cytokeratin Preparation and Ki 67 Vv Software
The software was developed within the ImageJ environment using a combination of macro script language and available plugins .
The software to assess V is available online at https://github.com/gilbertbigras/Ki67 .
For each sample , Immunoratio software was utilized to compute a LI .
Images of the Ki 67 stain were obtained for Immunoratio analysis .
A priori background correction [29] was applied using the ImageJ image processing software ( US National Institutes of Health , Bethesda , MD ) .
Image Acquisition Performed on Second Set ( V and Immunoratio as Outcome Predictors )
One pathologist ( G.B . ) digitized 3 fields on each of the 94 conventional Ki 67 slide at × 20 objective for Immunoratio analysis to obtain an LI .
R language [30] ( version 3.2.2 ; R Foundation , Vienna , Austria ) was used for statistical analysis and creation of several figures .
Receiver operating characteristic ( ROC ) and accuracy performance of V and Immunoratio were computed using the ROCR package [32] .
Figures [2] and [3] were created with the FigureJ plugin [33] .
V and Immunoratio as Outcome Predictors ( 94 Patients )
The very first strip chart ( A ) illustrates the V results , whereas the last one ( E ) is the Immunoratio results .
The greatest area under the curve ( 76.9 % ) is associated with the V method , whereas the smallest ( 69.5 % ) is associated to the Immunoratio method .
The highest accuracy found for V against Immunoratio is also depicted in Figure [8] .
For computational fluid dynamics simulations ( CFD software 18.0 from Ansys , Canonsburg , USA ) three - dimensional models of the microfluidic system with the enclosed larva were created using computer - aided design ( CAD software from SolidWorks , Velizy - Villacoublay , France ) .
A total of 21 optical sections each 10 μ m apart were recorded from both mirrors ( xymzt mode in the LAS X software ) resulting in a volume of 735 × 735 × 200 μ m .
Following image recording , signals from the left and right mirrors were merged using the “ Fusion - Wavelet ” function of the LAS X software to improve image quality and reduce file size .
Leica .xlef files were converted in .lif files and the latter were loaded into Imaris 9.1.2 ( Bitplane , Zurich , Switzerland ) .
Imaris was used to visualize and process the 4D datasets and to create movies ( see Supplementary Movies [3-7] and [9,10] ) together with Fiji ( https://fiji.sc/ ) , Adobe Photoshop CC ( 19.1.8 ) , and Quicktime 7.6.3 Pro ( Apple , Cupertino , CA , USA ) .
Images were processed and assembled using Adobe Photoshop CC ( 19.1.8 ) and Illustrator CC ( 22.1 ) , respectively .
Calcium signals in the closed NeuroExaminer were extracted from individual neurons on a single optical section ( z - plane 8 ( 70 μ m ) ) and analyzed in five major brain areas ( telencephalon ; habenula ; optic tectum ; cerebellum ; hind brain ) using Fiji .
Graphs for calcium traces were created with Prism 8.2.1 ( GraphPad , La Jolla , CA , USA ) and Adobe Illustrator CC ( 22.1 ) .
CIBERSORT analysis on RNAseq data over time indicated that lymphocytes were the most abundant immune cells in the kidney beyond the 6th month after injury while myeloid cell expansion characterized the acute phase ( Fig . 3f ) [29,30] .
The reads were aligned to the Ensembl top - level assembly with STAR version 2.0.4b .
Gene counts were derived from the number of uniquely aligned unambiguous reads by Subread : featureCount version 1.4.5 .
Transcript counts were produced by Sailfish version 0.6.3 .
Sequencing performance was assessed for total number of aligned reads , total number of uniquely aligned reads , genes and transcripts detected , ribosomal fraction known junction saturation , and read distribution over known gene models with RSeQC version 2.3 .
Libraries were visualized on the Agilent Bioanalyzer and quantified using the Kapa Biosystems Library Quantification Kit according to manufacturer ’ s instructions .
Image analysis and base calling were carried out using RTA 1.13.48.0 .
Final file formatting , de - multiplexing , and fastq generation were carried out using CASAVA v 1.8.2 .
The sequencing data were aligned to mm 10 genome assembly with STAR aligner ( version 2.5.0b ) .
In addition to read mapping , STAR was also used to remove duplicates , generate read - count tables and wiggle files .
Differentially - expressed genes were called for each time point with DESeq 2 .
Cluster analysis of cytokine transcripts was performed with Gene Cluster ( version 3.0 ) and visualized with Treeview ( version 1.1.6r 4 ) .
Genepix Pro 6.0 software was used to analyze the image .
Differential gene expression analyses were performed with EdgeR [64] , by applying an exact test , with a false discovery rate of 0.05 .
Gene enrichment analyses were performed with ToppFun and P values were adjusted according to Benjamini - Hochberg ( https://toppgene.cchmc.org ) .
CIBERSORT and Immunoseq
CIBERSORT analyses were performed on RNAseq data by using the analytical tool developed by Newman et al . ( http://cibersort.stanford.edu ) [30] .
The data were analyzed with the immunoSEQ Analyzer ( https://www.adaptivebiotech.com/immunoseq ) .
Gene correlation analysis and feature correlation heatmaps were performed on the PIVOT platform , developed by the Kim Lab ( http://kim.bio.upenn.edu/software/pivot.shtml ) [65] .
Dimension reduction analysis was performed with t - distributed stochastic neighbor embedding ( t - SNE ) by Rtsne package in R .
Sample correlation analyses were performed on PIVOT [65] or on Cluster ( version 3.0 ) and visualized in TreeView ( http://jtreeview.sourceforge.net ) .
Box plots , scatter plots , and histograms were generated with Prism 7 .
FACS data were analyzed with FlowJo 2 , version 1.1.0 .
The Statistical Analysis System for Windows , version 9.4 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC , USA ) , was used for analysis .
We delineated somatic mutations ( high and moderate impact defined by SnpEff [21] ) associated with a SBS 5 dominated mutational landscape and identified BRCA 2 and ERCC 2 mutated tumors to be significantly enriched for SBS 5 mutations ( p = 0.0003 , p = 0.00003 , respectively ; permutation test ; Fig . 2c ) , together with a few other genes like ABCA 6 , TEP 1 , and BOD1L 1 ( p = 0.00078 , p = 0.00085 , p = 0.00168 , respectively ; permutation test ; Fig . 2c ) .
Study data were collected and managed using REDCap electronic data capture tools hosted at Aarhus University [38] .
Raw sequencing data was initially processed using bcl2fastq 2 and Trim Galore ! .
FastQ files were processed according to the GATK Best Practices : Alignment using bwa - mem , marking of duplicate reads using Picard , base recalibration using GATK , quality metrics were assessed using Picard .
Mutations were identified using MuTect 2 with default parameters except the threshold for maximum alternate alleles in the germline was raised .
Furthermore , variants identified by MuTect 2 that did not pass the built - in filters were reintroduced if they were identified with high confidence using VarScan 2 [40] ( pileups generated using samtools [41] ) .
All somatic alterations were annotated using SnpEff [21] and hg 19 build .
We used the four predicted impact categories defined by SnpEff to filter alterations with high impact ( frameshift variant , start codon lost or stop codon gained or lost , etc ) or moderate impact ( missense variation , inframe insertion or deletion , etc ) from low impact ( mainly synonymous variant ) and modifier impact ( intergenic or intron variant , etc . ) .
Polysolver [42] was used to predict germline alleles of class I HLA - A , B , and C genes from the WES of the germline samples .
The MuPeXI webserver [43] was then used to extract 8 to 11 length peptides around missense mutations , indels and frameshift mutations from the somatic VCF files and all mutant peptides with a binding prediction to MHC below 2 % ( weak binders ) from NetMHCpan [44] were retained as neoantigens .
Genotyping , logR Ratio ( LRR ) and B - allele - fraction ( BAF ) were corrected and normalized using the Genotyping module from GenomeStudio 2.0 ( Illumina ) and all positions with cluster separation > 0.75 were exported ( 594k SNPs ) for further analysis .
The R package ASCAT [45] was used for segmentation of the genome but various tumor DNA purities together with high heterogeneity made it difficult to obtain reliable somatic copy number estimates .
SNVs and their trinucleotide context were subjected to mutational signature analysis using R packages SomaticSignatures [46] and MutationalPatterns [47] .
Only mutations with high or moderate impact ( based on SnpEff annotation ) on the resulting protein were included in this analysis .
MSI status was inferred using MSIsensor [50] .
Missense mutations in genes related to DDR were analyzed for potentially damaging effects using Polyphen 2 [18] and MutationAssessor [19] .
Mutations identified as possibly damaging / probably damaging or medium / high in PolyPhen 2 and MutationAssessor , respectively , were considered damaging .
For each patient , we called mutations using MuTect 2 ( default parameters ) by comparing all available samples ( primary tumor and metastatic lesions ) to the germline .
We , therefore , combined all called mutations for each patient and assessed the presence of said mutations in all relevant bam files using bam - readcount ( only reads and bases with high quality were considered ) .
Salmon [51] was used to quantify the amount of each transcript using annotation from GRCh 38 for cDNA and non - coding RNA ( ncRNA ) .
The R - packages , tximport [52] and edgeR [53] , were used to respectively summarize the expression at gene - level and normalize the data .
Samples were classified according to the six consensus classes of MIBC using the R - based consensus MIBC classification tool ( n = 121 ) [15] .
We investigated transcriptional regulatory networks consisting of transcription factors and associated induced / repressed target genes using R package RTN [54] .
We furthermore performed cell type enrichment analysis using xCell with the same normalized gene expression matrix as above as input [56] .
Data were imported and normalized using the ChAMP R package [59] .
Automated quantification of selected markers was carried out using the Visiopharm software ( Visiopharm A / S , H ø rsholm , Denmark ) .
For each tissue core , the fluorescence image was aligned to its corresponding chromogenic ( cytokeratin ) stained image using the Visiopharm Tissue Align module ( Supplementary Fig . 7a ) .
Cumulative survival analysis was performed using the Kaplan - Meier method , and the log - rank test was used to compare the curves ( R packages survminer and survival ) .
The strength of the association between iNOS ( rs 2297518 ) and eNOS ( rs 2070744 , rs 1799983 ) polymorphisms and the risk of gastric cancer were evaluated by calculating pooled ORs and their corresponding 95 % CIs by using RevMan 5.1 ( Copenhagen , Denmark ) and Stata 12.0 ( StataCorp LP , College Station , TX , USA ) .
In order to facilitate the development of three - dimensional application software , Microsoft launched Kinect for Windows ( $ 249 ) in 2013 , which promoted appropriate software development and precipitated its wide use in various fields .
This study utilized Kinect ( for Windows ) to obtain the three - dimensional information of cultivated land surface structures via three - dimensional reconstruction technologies .
Microsoft Kinect for Windows includes C language applications , Visual Basic , C # , and an interface Developer Toolkits .
RT - bins together with the proportion correct responses for each bin were entered in a Fortran routine that minimizes a X value using a Nelder - Mead SIMPLEX optimization algorithm Ratcliff and Tuerlinckx ( 2002 ) .
Diffusion image preprocessing was done using FSL 4.1.4 ( www.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/fsl ) .
All four DWI runs were merged and corrected for motion and eddy currents by registering each volume , including b0 volumes , to a reference DWI volume using FLIRT ( Jenkinson and Smith 2001 ) .
To use probabilistic tractography , we estimated the diffusion parameters using a sampling technique , while controlling for crossing fibers using a dual - fiber model ( bedpostX ; FSL 4.1.4 ; Behrens et al . 2007 ) .
All registration steps were done using trilinear interpolation as implemented in FLIRT ( Jenkinson and Smith 2001 ; FSL 4.1.4 ) .
The contralateral ( exclusion ) masks for the left STN and left striatum were generated using the probabilistic atlases that are implemented in FSL .
Diffusion image analyses were performed using FSL 4.1.4 ( www.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/fsl ) .
Quantitative data were obtained using the Luminex - 200 system ( Luminex Corporation , Austin , TX ) , and the data were analysed using Luminex 100 ™ IS v 2.3 software .
Data management and analysis were performed using SPSS 15.0 for Windows .
Raw reads were first processed through in - house Perl scripts to remove reads containing adapter or ploy - N or with a base quality score lower than 20 .
The clean reads were aligned to the pig reference genome ( Sscrofa 11.1 ) using TopHat 2 [11] .
The HTSeq program was utilized to count the read numbers mapped to each gene [12] .
Differential expression genes between the infected and control groups were identified with the DESeq of R package [13] .
Gene ontology ( GO ) enrichment analysis of differential expression genes was performed with GOseq [14] .
We utilized the KOBAS software [15] to examine the statistical enrichment of differential expression genes in the KEGG database .
The occurrences of transcription factor binding site motifs in the promoters of differential expression genes were scanned with the FIMO software [18] , which computes a log - likelihood ratio score for each motif corresponding to each sequence position and converts this score to a p - value .
Raw reads were trimmed to remove the low - quality reads using the skewer software [19] .
Clean reads were aligned to the porcine reference genome ( Sscrofa 11.1 ) using BWA [20] .
Peaking calling of the ChIP samples was conducted by comparison with the reads of input using MACS 2 [21] , with the significance level of p < 0.005 .
The ConoMass tool matches peptide masses predicted from transcripts with a list of masses obtained experimentally by proteomics analysis of cone snail venoms .
However , it should be noted that glycosylation is not included in ConoMass because of the enormous number of possible structures glycosylation can present .
The statistical analyses were performed using IBM SPSS version 19.0 ( IBM Corp . , Armonk , NY , USA ) .
Mean intensity was calculated using Image J software ( NIH ) for lines that were 1.5 - 3.0 microns in length at the dorsal - ventral and anterior - posterior edges of cells in denticle - producing rows 2 - 5 .
From each PCLS , triplicates of 30 μ m thick 3D stacks were recorded randomly and analyzed using IMARIS 7.4.0 software ( Bitplane Scientific Software , Zurich , Switzerland ) , as described previously [7] .
After addition of each concentration of Mch ( 10 to 10 M ) , pictures were recorded in 5 s intervals for 3 min with a stereo microscope ( Discovery V 8 ; Zeiss , Jena , Germany ) controlled by the Axio Vision 4.8.2 . software program ( Zeiss , Jena , Germany ) .
Images were analyzed with the ImageJ analysis program ( National Institute of Health ) .
Mann - Whitney tests were performed for statistical analyses using GraphPad 4.03 ( GraphPad , San Diego , CA ) .
Images were captured on a Pentium IV microcomputer with an 80 - Gigabyte hard drive , 3.0 - GHz processor , 1024 RAM , and graphics card using Windows XP .
At least 500 cells in the vaginal epithelium were counted in each slide in random fields , starting in the area of higher nuclei concentration with Ki - 67 expression , using Imagelab Image Analysis and Processing Software ( SOFTIUM Informatica LTDA , Sao Paulo , Brazil ) .
The data were tabulated using the IBM SPSS Statistics V 21 program , with the significance level set at p < 0.05 .
The Statistical Package for the Social Sciences ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL ) was used for statistical calculations .
We introduce a scalable framework for variable selection , implemented in C + + and OpenCL , that fits regularized regression across multiple Graphics Processing Units .
Open source code and documentation can be found at a Google Code repository under the URL http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2012/01/10/bioinformatics.bts015.abstract .
Programs like glmnet ( Friedman et al . , 2010 ) are computationally efficient for small to moderately sized datasets , but do not scale to extremely large datasets due to memory burden .
Our C + + framework , named gpu - lasso , implements the mixed L1 and L2 penalized regression model of Zhou et al . ( 2010 ) on datasets with any arbitrary number of variables .
L1 penalties enforce sparsity , whereas L2 penalties enable correlated predictors within groups ( e.g. genes , pathways ) to enter the model as well . gpu - lasso exploits the optimization scheme of greedy coordinate descent ( GCD ) which , upon estimating regression coefficients across all variables , updates the single variable leading to the greatest improvement to the likelihood with its new coefficient .
We compared runtime behavior of our program across multiple configurations and to glmnet ( Friedman et al . , 2010 ) .
Table 1 shows that due to its implementation in the R environment , glmnet has a much heftier memory requirement than our C + + implementation and could not load the 1 million SNP dataset .
Execution times were similar between glmnet and gpu - lasso , where gpu - lasso was slightly faster .
We describe our scalable framework gpu - lasso , which can be particularly useful for fitting sparse models in high - dimensional settings .
To demonstrate how one can carry out Monte Carlo routines with our framework , we provide full source code listing for the C + + class that implements Stability Selection in our Supplementary Material .
For smaller datasets , software such as glmnet can be more practical , since efficient routines like the LARS algorithm ( Efron et al . , 2004 ) , which solves the LASSO path without exploring a penalty parameter grid , are already bundled .
MAP was calculated using the values of systolic blood pressure ( SBP ) and diastolic blood pressure ( DBP ) by the Iox 2.9.5.73 software ( Emka Technologies , Paris , France ) .
Intensity of the signals was detected in a Chemidoc Molecular Imager ( Chemidoc ; BioRad , Madrid , Spain ) and quantified using Image Lab software ( BioRad ) .
The balance between the sympathetic and parasympathetic components of the autonomic nervous system was made by calculating the sympathetic nervous system ( SNS ) and parasympathetic nervous system ( PNS ) indexes computed in Kubios HRV software ( www.kubios.com ) .
The SNS index in Kubios is based on Mean heart rate , Baevsky ’ s stress index , and low frequency power expressed in normalized units and the PNS index which is based on the mean intervals between successive heartbeats ( RR intervals ) , the root mean square of successive RR interval differences ( RMSSD ) and high frequency power expressed in normalized units .
Heart rate and RR intervals were obtained using Iox 2.9.5.73 software ( Emka Technologies , Paris , France ) , with an acquisition frequency of 500 Hz .
Data were evaluated using GraphPad Prism Software , version 6 ( GraphPad Software Inc . , San Diego , CA , USA ) and presented as mean values with SEM .
The autoradiograms were quantified by densitometry ( Quantity One software ; Anti - p21 was from Abcam .
Statistical analysis was performed using the SPSS software package ( version 17.0 , SPSS Inc . , Armonk , NY , USA ) and GraphPad Prism 5 ( GraphPad Software , La Jolla , CA , USA ) .
To further validate this result , we analyzed RNA - Seq data ( from TCGA : The Cancer Genome Atlas ) of lncRNAs of NSCLC were from TANRIC [23] ( http://ibl.mdanderson.org/tanric/_design/basic/index.html ) .
By standard isobologram and CompuSyn software analysis we evaluated the combination index ( CI ) and we found that the combination of sorafenib 10 or 20 μ M with perifosine at the doses 1 and 2.5 μ M shows synergistic effect increasing the cytotoxicity against T24 BC cells ( Fig . 7B ) .
IC value , representing the concentration exerting an half - maximal inhibition of cell growth , was calculated using GraphPad Prism Software .
The synergistic activity of sorafenib and perifosine used in combination on the viability of 5637 and T24 BC cells was determined by the isobologram and CI methods ( CompuSin Software , ComboSyn , Inc . Paramus , NJ 2007 ) .
Samples were analyzed by a FACScan cytofluorimeter using the CellQuest software ; fluorescence intensity was expressed in arbitrary units on logarithmic scale .
The percentage of positive cells determined over 10,000 events was analyzed on a FACScan cytofluorimeter using the CellQuest software .
Cells were washed with PBS , pulsed with DCFDA for 10 min at 37 ° C , 5 % CO , and analyzed by FACScan cytofluorimeter using the CellQuest software .
The percentage of positive cells determined over 10,000 events was analyzed on a FACScan cytofluorimeter using the CellQuest software .
Samples were analyzed by a FACScan cytofluorimeter using the CellQuest software ; fluorescence intensity was expressed in arbitrary units on logarithmic scale
Molecular docking analysis was performed on Linux Red Hat Pentium 4 - based platform using Autodock Vina [57] and InsightII software ( Release 2005 , Accelrys Ltd . , Cambridge , U.K ) .
Pdbqt three - dimensional structure files of sorafenib and pazopanib comparative drugs and CB were obtained by adding polar hydrogens and removing water from protein , and were submitted to Vina , setting a docking grid with a size of 60A × 65A × 50A , centered at the position x = 21.18 , y = − 6.05 , z = 38.08 .
Then , the most stable composite CB / TKI drug model was refined using Discover module of InsightII , minimizing all atoms as previously reported [59] .
PyMOL software ( DeLano Scientific LLC , San Carlos , CA , 2009 - 10 ) was used to render all the output from InsightII and to calculate the distances of hydrogen bonds as measured between the hydrogen and its assumed binding partner .
The detection was performed using the LiteAblot ™ PLUS or the LiteAblot ™ TURBO ( EuroClone , Milano , Italy ) kits and densitometric analysis was carried out by evaluating three independent experiments by a Chemidoc using the Quantity One software ( BioRad , Hercules , USA ) .
Data were analysed using PASW Statistic , version 23.0.0 , with statistical significance set at p < 0.05 ( two - tailed ) .
The data collected were electronically processed , with the aid of the Excel 20 program .
A software package for qualitative data analysis , Atlas.ti ( Muhr 2004 ) , was employed .
